
please do not write me more!! Silly 

Perhaps no one has told you but you're obviously frustrated and I would like that please do not write me more. For my part I have decided that I will not bring anything more to wikipedia, because wikipedia is a monopoly of information manipulated by a lot of abnormals like you.
"

 Sockpuppet? 

Oh no Stifle. Just what do you think your doing? I've worked too hard for you to do this. And why? Dont assume, look at my contributions and what have I done? What ties me to ""Smugface"" (as you and every second person belives)? And what sets us apart? CONSTRUCTIVE EDITS! Thats bloody what! 

Remove or find an answer.

  

Not happy Jan!

 Could we not discuss this in the stead of dirtying up each others pages?   
Your contribution patterns are very similar - very little article contributions, causing general annoyance, and yelling at anyone who tries to call you on it.   "
Do not help the jew Schnider. Final warning.
Don't talk to me troll.
like this, hoe? 101.190.151.84
"
I nearly get blocked? Lol. I didn't broke any rule, I even was reported for breaking the WP:3RR and I didn't get blocked because I didn't broke it. Check the log.
You even asked Spellcast to block me because you're not thinking clearly. How is he going to block when I haven't done anything wrong? You mad?  It's a zero! "
openin' that can o' worms. See ya round
Reverting constructive edits 

Why are you reverting my anonymous, but constructive and truthful, edits to the Dave Aitel article? Is it because you're gay?
Alright, your lack of fact checking and denial of truth is pathetic, especially by your staff. 

Stop making comments, just to harass me. 

You are assuming I'm everyone who doesn't agree with your wiki article. Pathetic. 

I will continue to report them until your competent employees do the right thing.
Ram it up ur ass very hard till ur eyes water
"

Ok, now I really don't understand you. You've gone and tagged Image:Damnation Crusade1.jpg for deletion. Why? It's from the very damn website that sells the comic! If they didn't want the picture to be used as a representation of the series, then they wouldn't of used it as a representation of the series themselves! It's bloody well low resolution, too! What more do you want, Editor-Fag?
Obviously, I can't argue with compulsive editor-fags like you. Fine, delete it, and the Image:Forge of War1.jpg one. I'm just trying to add images to help the community on wikipedia to improve the articles that call for pictures. I see it that it does comply to all of the image policies, except perhaps that one ""resolution"" rule, but, then again, if you've got a problem with it, then you can easily solve it yourself. I'm not going to be forced to do the work of an editor-fag like yourself."
Revert goon reverted his own talk page to cancel my critism he is a revert goon 

You are just a revert goon, what else would a revert goon do but delete the criticism he is a revert goon.
Also, Pakistan is far from having a strong Muslim identity. It is the most fanatic, discriminating and anti-Shia society in the Muslim 
world.
LULZ 

HAHAHAHAHAHA ==>
LIVE FREE OR DIE TRYING!
Wow J Delanoy, you must really love Brit Hume and hate science!!!!!
white people are like rational people, what nonsense, she is a nobody, she is just a silly girl, my silly girl, luk what uve done to her.
"

You are another Genius I see. ;-)

Fred Alan Wolf
Wiki has a page on my long-time partner Fred Alan Wolf who has written many books on the same kind of paranormal consciousness stuff that I am skewered for. Yet nowhere on Fred's page is he called a ""kook"", a ""crackpot"" etc. Try the stupid Google test on him.
 12:26 AM, 14 October 2005 (PCT)"
Medals 

Holy crap look at that picture! How many freakin' medals does this guy have?!? I can understand a medal for being first in space, but he looks decorated enough to command the army around with the flick of his wrist.
"

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

Retrieved from ""http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Dawnseeker2000""ViewsUser page Discussion Edit this page New section History Personal toolsTry Beta Log in / create account Navigation
Main page 
Contents 
Featured content 
Current events 
Random article 
Search
     Interaction
About Wikipedia 
Community portal 
Recent changes 
Contact Wikipedia 
Donate to Wikipedia 
Help 
Toolbox
What links here 
Related changes 
User contributions 
Logs 
Upload file 
Special pages 
Printable version 
Permanent link 

This page was last modified on 19 December 2009 at 17:46. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. See Terms of Use for details.
Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact us Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers 

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and ejaculates on her face while Aleem himself plucks Nabil's hair on his ass. If you would Like more information about this please call 07772550782. If he does not pick up that means he is busy with Aleem So please Leave A message.

In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world. Inputs are the signals or data sent to the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent by the system to the outside of Nabil's Mum's Pussy. Then the dildo is placed inside it until Aleem's dad comes and eja
What makes you think that I care about anything such an obviously unhinged person has to say about ducks or expressos or socks or anything else? Leave me alone. 193.109.199.35
Get him out of here, and I will get past this, I assure you, completely past Wikipedia.  But to have him come and taunt me is absurd and cruel.
"

 You're famous! 

It looks like you've finally gotten the recognition you deserve: , you inbred little kite. "
Your bias has made you say some unbelievably stupid things. 

Explain to me how a video can be unreliable? Will you just do that for me. Explain to me how something that is captured on video can be unreliable. Surely you don't mean to suggest that someone at one of the graphic arts studios spent millions of dollars attempting to create a video of Susan Roesgen saying things that she didn't say. I mean, do you REALLY believe that? If so, I suggest you get help. If not, you really need to quit letting your bias govern your interpretations, if not for the sake of Wikipedia, for the sake of other people not viewing you as a lunatic.
Lying
Impumozzhi you have been exposed on Talk:Rathore. What will it take to make you stop lying?. 
=
This individual is either mentally ill, or is a criminal.  This behavior should be reported to the ISP and the government for appropriate action.
Luciano Pavarotti]] Operatic tenor
[[
I will be writing an e-mail regardless with all 3 of your user names in it. I am not a vandal. And I can call you a Nazi all I want, it's not an attack if I think highly of them. Actually it would be a compliment. 68.1.89.162
opinion/origin 

It is my opinion that lip stick originated from the placing or vaginal excrement onto lips of women.
Al Arbour  

Hey Fucktard. Al Arbour died on Friday. Try having someone read an obituary to you
"==Vandalism Manifesto. Pass to all Wikians==

VANDALISM IS GOOD. Vandalism does not come from a sheer desire to cause harm.
Vandals do their thing all over Wiki, 24/7, from frustration and hatred, 
because incompetent ""editors"" who have no skills, no degrees, no expertise, usually no names, have done multiple reverts and edits of the work of others.
Vandalism is a good and natural response to no-lifers (as in Get a Life) who 
do 7000 edits, 10,000 edits a year and who have actual Watch Lists of 1,300
or more and are proud of it. These jerks deserve have their own pages vandalized, over and over as long as they are in effect, vandalizing the pages of others in the name of being a cop. Vandals keep no-life editors, admins, 
bureaucrats and stewards honest, or at least busy, reverting the reverts they get on their own pages. VANDALISM IS GOOD. It helps drive these nutcases into the ground with nervous breakdowns. The Culture of Wikipedia is very,very sick,
and Vandals are needed to ""cull the herd"". SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL VANDAL.

Vandal God"
LOL. A way to slap a whole group of people in the face is to name a game intended to demonstrate human miss communication after that group.
By the way, the exchange between Rjensen is Jpgordon is a sock puppet conversation. Pathetic, really. 129.133.127.244
hey andy 

u r a wanka
do not know juden! silence is golden juden, now shut up.
his or her OWN genitals
citation needed. 

Why are they're little kids on here who need information if the song was the greatest gainer in Canada? How dumb.
THIS MAN SHOULD BE SHOT FOR WAR CRIMES AND MURDER
What BEHAVIOUR???? DEFENDING FROM YOUR AGRESIVE SERB-LIKE INVASIONS??? 

 STOP ATTACKING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where are the Lesbians!?!? 

I didn't watch this show that much but shouldn't there be a section added by someone in the know that deals with the lesbian undertones of Xena and Gabrielle.  Come on, everyone knew something was happening there.
What the heck i have a family of 2000 that i must support. if i get money in the form of cash i will not die of the bubonic plague. my address is 100 suck my lane Bangkok Vietnam. i swear if i dont get the money my mother will call me a nubkin. I have a friend called jeremy and he is also my boyfriend:). All i want for christmas is mariah carey in a blanket. Barbara rochon plays tennis with Charly who plays the eukalalay professionaly and she hates america.
I'm giving up on this one. Wikipedia not only censors its articles, but it removes comments. Happy truthiness, Wikipedia. What a joke you are.
Frankly I dont have the time nor the inclination to sit and argue with you! If you do ...well... why dont you just go and screw urself!!
Wow. A snide rude response from Xeworlebi. There's a shocker. Clearly you were marking the disambiguation page incorrectly, but you are too arrogant to listen.
"

PUT UP OR SHUT UP
To all you people who think the President is doing such a terrible job. Why don't you run for president and when you get elected try and do it better. It's really easy to play the ""Monday Morning Quarterback"". Its one thing to disagree with his foriegn policy, it another to criticise him for decisions he made, when you don't know what information he had at the time. We may not have the best system, but at least we have a man who is not afraid of making the tough calls.  "
"
 please consider this as a personal attack against the user ""Node eu""
Dear ""Node Eu"" I do take personal pride and honor to say to you and your commander an well deserved ""Fuck you !!"" and yes I know as this moment your real identity ( please forgive me wikipedia). I want to assure you and your family ( and this extend to the family of mr. Bortnikov) that no harm intended or untended from me will occur. It was a long process and some well spend money involved. But I realize finally that you deserve only my mercy. Good look to you. And yes, wikipedia, this is my last posting as I do realize that I have no place here. I do much,much better in the real scientific world."
Youre a homo for protectin Archbelwtfishisnameanyway user page. Lol, I use that to find my contribs lol. (I hope you know that I do this for fun, and youre not gonna find my real account)72.138.216.89
]]

Actually I noticed yours is WORSE. Look at that mess you crapped onto my talk page. You call that a paragraph? Buzz off, doof. [[User:Machchunk|Machchunk
"

""I certainly didnt start the fire"" what a liar! We all know who started it. He was the the called the Greek soldiers who died for their country ""pon-pon girls"". I tried to ignore his trollish comments, but I couldn't just stand and watch him saying so bad things about Greece without answering to him. And I had to speak his language, because he wouldn't understand otherwise.  "
Good to see the neo-Nazi Wikipedia editors all stick together. Good work, fellas! Victory or Valhalla!
You undid my additions to the Mountain Gorilla which clearly contributed to the page, Wikipedia, and the human species in its entirety. You are an anarchist and a communist. Sincerely hope you stub your big toe on your left foot tomorrow when you get out of bed. I would hope meaner things, but my just and kind heart is capable of no greater levels of hate than I have just described. Due to your rude behavior (which was completely uncalled for by the way) I will no longer contribute my vast intellectual knowledge to Wikipedia, depriving the world of knowledge that it deserves to have, and it is all thanks to you. I am obviously a far better man that you, and will waste no more of my time dealing with your pitiful existence.
Brother   you are jerk and don't have roots in your motherland. You just vandalise my Maratha Clan system and i went crazy to see it. I am very hot temper Maratha man. You need a breake and go to yor motherland visit your clan deities , gods , peoples and talk with them about Hindu traditions and cultuers. Whatever the white peoples says , writes and states is very correct and we Hindus are ought to belive it blindly is now over. Their is big information written in local Indian languages about every aspect , part , traditions , gods , religion and everything , but cunningly ignored and missinterpreted by western and more disturbing our own Indian scholers. We people have the duty to show the world the truth.. This conspiracy is very ancient and may be found in all mankind cultuers. As strong fish eats the poor fish. First you should understand the politics behind it and then fight your own bothers. I am devotee of god Tirupati Bhalagi , have visited the temple and i chalange you that if you want to show your power , inteligence anywher then you show it that in Balagi article and lets us see that how much good , basic , real information can you add and do the same that i have done at Maratha Clan Sysyem and Khandoba. I request you to use your power , inteligence , skills for good things and in right way and not to fight your own brothers and vandalis articales related to Hinduism because our enimies wiil take diadvantage of it. With best regards    Vishal1976
"Why should I ""assume good faith"" from someone adding anti-Semitic lies to an article? Your obvious ignorance on the subject is not an excuse.  

"
and go on saddam execution talk page, before you stink up the place.
Hey , let's play a game. I have to guess who the closest deceased person to you is and what beautiful thing caused their death. Now if I get the answer right, you have to unblock me. BWAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAAHAHA! In addition to unblocking me, if I am able to guess who your closest deceased loved one is and the beautiful thing that killed them, you also must award me their inheritance, estate and all the money they made during their life. I will use the money to bomb their gravesite as well as on houses for all my black friends and myself.
LOL! Deal?! Ok, My guess is that the closest deceased person to you is a grandparent of yours, and he/she died of the same illness that one of your parents will die of as well and riddle their bodies with excruciating pain before their heart stops beating. Am I Right? Am I right? Am I right? Fingers crossed! Oh btw, I won't read your reply to this message, which will in all likelihood be some corny jokes shared on some other Wikipedia page with some other admin. LMFAO! So long as I got you thinking about your closest deceased loved one, the beautiful thing that killed off their ass and their estate going to me while I laugh at that beautiful deadly occurrence that killed them in hopes it snatches up your mother’s life as well, I AM PERFECTLY FINE WITH MY BLOCK AND NEVER EDITING THIS WEBSITE AGAIN ACTUALLY. WOOT! WOOT! LATER WIKIPEDIA! Now here's the part where you or one of your close allies blocks me from using my talk page for reminding you of that beautiful occurrence that killed off your closest deceased loved one.
the block page says I should add this to my page so there it goes. Someone fix this and get these power corrupt idiots to stop stalking me.
WTF? 

How do you feel about article deletion as per WP:BLP, WP:TABLOID, WP:TONE, and all that is holy? 129.15.127.253
Feel Me 

Can someone feel me naked grope my balls (rocks)Just tickle me gentley in the eveing, and grip me with an authoitif hard grope in the morning to wake me up!!!!!
I'll play nice when people who don't know what they're talking about stop running their mouths and stop reverting my edits. We're talking about removing a single unnecessary word. That's it. You people are ridiculous.
A Message to You Shadeed
Hi, n!gger!
why can't you get yourself a girl?  are you that ugly or are you that ugly and that awkward and that much of a failure? 

)

i bookmarked your user page... you'll be hearing from me regularly, ugly.

guess you wont be able to hide from life on wikipedia anymore.
the chicks they scream
(duh duh)
at grease lightnin
grease lightnin, go go go go go go go go go!
Pss Rex, be sure to DOCUMENT all the things you've discovered
 on the John Kerry page etc.
 It's awesome that you and I INDEPENDENTLY observed (and can corrorborate) virtually
the exactsame  pattern by these liberals. Demonizing conservatives; lionizing liberals. It's repeated ad infinitum, ad nauseum.

The more proof we have, the easier it will be to persuade all but their fellow brain-dead truth haters to give a red cent to Wikipedia. And, until WHOLESALE changes are made from the top down, that's exactly what's about to happen. It's almost like this is the liberal's religion. Too bad they're gonna have to find a church other than Wikipedia to practice their faith, huh?

I've heard rumors that my actions are already sending users Hippocrite, Fred Bauder, WoohooKitty, Kizzle, FVW, Derex and especially the pimply faced 15 year old RedWolf
 to become so verklempt they don't know whether to schedule an appointement with their psychiatrist...or their gynecologist.

Big Daddy- PHASE II Dry up the funding  (on the road)
I AM GAY
Love
  
I AM GAY
Love
dont 

dont sheeple Wikipedians get it? i will NEVER create an account. NEVER ever. N-E-V-E-R.
"
And you really do flatter yourself by calling yourself ""the other parent"". I dislike being patronised even more than I dislike threats. Btw, wouldn't you reckon that running to an Admin to get me ""banned"" was a bit 'running to Mommy-ish""?   "
Bully for you! But the only lies here are of your telling.
I did not intend to be disruptive, I was genuineley upset by the word constantly. I only tried to make it look like an april fool joke after you explanation made me look like an uptight weirdo
":::As someone from a family who fought there for the Red Army, i can tell you it's bullshit. UK was falling appart, USSR was it's last hope. USA gave food, yeah, but it was little if you compare it to how much needed it. The USA weappon was bad, nothing compared to the Soviet. I read a book of someone who fought for the Nazis, and he fought a time both at the Easten and both at the Western front, and he said: ""Reletivily to Russians, American don't know how to fight. One Russian is like 10 Americans"". Nazis after fighting at the Eastern front only dreames about turning themselves in to the Americans. The name of the book was Tiggers at Mudd. The whole Europe was turned into slaves by Hittler and worked for him, the Russians were alone, and yet they have won. No one burned nothing to you, you invent yourself stuff that were co-done to you to reduce your shame. M.V.E.i. 

"
"

 Are you kidding me? What does this guy have to do to have somebody shoot across his bow, once?  Murder somebody? GabeMC is out of control!! This editor has insulted many editors repeatedly. He mispells user names repeatedly, to intimidate, accuses all opposers, of his idea, as socks, calls them trolls, charges them with harrassment and is generally abusive. He incites other users to drum up charges against ""his enemies"" of this issue. He has been warned before for changing ""The"" to ""the"" in musical articles while his own launched medcom mediation is in progress, ebfore, and yet when his misbehaviour is pointed out in ANI he creates such a ruckess with sidetrack issues he gets away with more disruption and a blessing. He has had editors topic banned, adminstrators banned for a six month period and investigations into every editor that has ever disagreed with on this topic. He has disrupted many Beatles talk pages with his ""Straw Polls"" simultaneously for the same the/The issue when he doesn't get the right support. He is currently edit warring with the exact same edit, as well as a few others in the Pink Floyd article after you appear to have gave him a bigger feather in his cap for exhibiting [WP:Battleground]] behaviour for my complaint of WP:3RR.  WTF? Has we developed a Prima Donna that is untouchable, no matter what behaviour he demonstrates? A further opposing editor of his just committed WP suicide with an indef block that he requested due to the same WP:admin garbage processes.   

In short! Your Prima Donna editor   

You can edit WikPedia!

But only if you can suck good cock!

Now make this disappear, again, to hide your embarrasment. I would be ashamed of it if I were you! Now shut your piehole sockpuppet! 99.251.125.65  

Ohhh Reindeer! Here comes the talk page abuse charge! OMG! We're all gonna' die!! 

I'm melting!  I'm melting!
99.251.125.65  "
My condolences to all you kooks out there. I guess you just got two lumps of coal in your stocking for Fitzmas this year, huh? Love, Big Daddy
"

Personal attacks?

Regarding your last post to me, practice what you preach. How is it OK for you to tell everyone I'm ""ranting"", and have ""groupies""?

STOP HARRASSING ME.

LEAVE ME ALONE!! "
"

I have ""surprises"" for you looser, just wait...  "
yeah after few days some jews will say nasser al-kharafi is jew lol!
"

wtf?  ~ () (TCE) "
NO MLS??? THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!!!
LISTEN, THOSE LEAGUES ARE ON THE XBOX 360 ONLY, NOT NEXT-GEN! B/C (because) OF U (YOU) the FIFA 07 ARTICLE IS SCREWED UP! FIX IT OR I'M LOGGING OUT!
You seem to have a communist mind, dear son. I trully believe low education is what makes the difference and not your status. Have a great life.
How can you even dream of communicating with me when you refuse to accept a different opinion? You are crazy! 

How can you even dream of communicating with me when you refuse to accept a different opinion? You are crazy!

You admit to being completely unreasonable by not accepting a difference of opinion. Wow!! Wikipedia is 100% about differences in opinion!! Did you not know that!! Surely you cannot expect to communicate with me when you refuse, point blank, that maybe, I might disagree with you!! How old are you!! Are you perhaps 11 years old? Ok, if that is so, then I understand.
You're a psychopath, Tryptofish. If you want to find meaning and purpose in life, then you may wish to go do something charitable instead of 'sperging out on your precious animes. Your type of thinking is the reason why wikipedia is never going to be taken seriously.
Well, you might not be welcoming me if you knew what my other account was. It's called I Condemn Homosexuality. The edit filter totally stopped me from making any edits with that account, so it seems to be working well.
Vinny Burgoo = suspected sock puppet

Are you ever going to withdraw this accusation? It's currently the second hit with a Google search with 'Vinny Burgoo' (my one and only online identity for nearly ten years) and it's wholly bogus. Someone posted something in support of something very stupid I had done at Wiktionary (I called a serial Wiki tyrant a 'c**t' after he had unambiguously broken Wiki's rules, then I compounded this by threatening him in what I thought at the time to be a transparently jocular manner, but wasn't) and this 'supporter' was assumed to be me using another identity and another IP trying to get around a temporary block. I still use Wikipedia a lot but have no interest whatsoever in editing it ever again, so by all means say that I was blocked for disruptive editing (guilty: I got fed up with the lot of you) or whatever else I was accused of before this puppeteer nonsense was settled on (the crime kept changing) but I'm not happy with what you currently show.  Take it down or else.

A genuine threat this time? We'll see.
. Too bad the Soviets didn't exterminate your entire family album
Your an ABS CBN fanatic 

your a bias person
"

Hi. It's from the same user who was changing the images before on similar articles. Not to mention that, both images are good resolutions, contrary to what the user says, which is why I don't see the need to change images, delete galleries and remove content. It's unnecessary.   
It is nevertheless a content dispute. Neither the repeated switching of images nor the edit summaries that you consider misleading amount to vandalism, per Wikipedia:Vandalism#Types of vandalism and Wikipedia:Vandalism#What is not vandalism.  Donald Albury 

It was vandalism, but not mine.  Your images have extremely bad lighting and are not encyclopedic quality in the least.  One of them replaced a photo of a street in the article for that street Brickell Avenue and doesn't even show the street.  THE ARTICLE IS ABOUT THE STREET.  Also, you're supposed to answer a talk on the same page (Yours') that it initiated on, not put the answer on the initiators page so there are 2 half conversations on two separate pages.  I suggest you read a bit more about Wikipedia rules and stop vandalizing articles with your crappy poor lighting amateur photography from car windows.  66.176.139.222  "
Jimbo is bending over backwards so hard to do favors for this 19 year old male prostitute, you'd almost wonder if Jimbo's credit card number was on Justin's customer list.
Dear Mr.RHaworth 

We have relised that your wikipedia page has come under a number of violent attacks
We are happy with this as you are an extreme nob

Wikipedia advises that you imediantly kill yourself.

Thank you

- Wikipedia Staff
The TNA fags need to stop 

Buncha pussies
Also, keep in mind that Wikipedians are quite adept at thinking they are righteous and brilliant for editing an online junkyard.  My suggestion would be to move on to a better website without the shitty corruption and moronic interludes.  67.176.98.94
Personal attack?
I just pointed out he's being a WP:DICK. Why can he call multiple users dicks but we can't return the favor? Talk about a one sided policy.
Oh, and before I get back to not caring about the block, I have to add, to really show off the idiocy of this admin, that before incorrectly accusing me of vandalism, he wasn't even intelligent enough to read through the conversation which led to my (abusive, not vandalistic, you liar) comment and didn't warn, never mind block a user who has lied about my actions, verbally abused my edits, attacked my faith in a cruel and unecessary manner and actually vandalised a page to push across his own POV. Now, I'm no expert on idiocy, but is TimVickers isn't an idiot then I don't know what is. Please, I beg of you, block me for the right thing, and apply the rules equally you pathetic excuse for an admin. I've gone from not caring, to being embarassed that I haven't actually been fairly blocked for actions I wanted to be blocked for (as can be seen in the comments that lead to it). Imbecile. -
Listen here moron, you completely violate wikipedia regulations both on your userpage and in your edits. You should be paraded through the streets as an animal not worthy of our presence.
What the hell are you talking about? 

Inserting tags on an article is not vandalism. And in an article on a location, anything which is not cited could be original research or point of view. And have you read the layout of the article? Do not bother me with idle threats which have no basis again. Good day.
swirling twirling hurling 

swirling hurts my head, twirling hurts my stomach, hurling hurts my back
This talk page is whack, who said QWERTY isn't gonna be on the album, they never confirmed or denied it.
And of course the albums gonna be released....unless they all die...
This but a flesh wound
")

Trumpet, I certainly will let someone whose posts mainly consist of inaccuracies, insults, ignoring/misrepresenting others views and ""zombies"" tell me how I should refert to this fringe group.
I don't care whether you are a JMer, but the rest of your comment reveals that you have no idea about the historical craft. 
Since you have been explained about Docetism, there's no use in repeating why it and the JesusMyth claim are different. You will not listen.  (smile back) 20:27, 21 March 2006 (UTC"
He called himself hand banana and attempted to rape me from behind, i try not to speak to him anymore
I dont care I just want unblocked Damn it. After my final warning I DID NOT DISRUPT. I STOPPED
BUT SOMEONE ELSE BOTHERED HAUNTED ANGEL AND I GOT BLAMED. So unban me GD IT.
"

 Vandalism 

How's about I stick ""Wankers Haa HAAa"" in your block log ?  "
You 

Are an *****le!
"
No, at the bottom of all the pages, it says something to the effect of ""haha beep you r dumb haha"""
. Are you a sexual predator? RH is donating to a worthy cause. I demand your email address
rot in hell it's low life like you that have put the country in such a state. Thanks for nothing
listen you spineless twirp, i have a navy cross and a bullet stuck in my leg, dont you tell me i am not in the military. and by the way, I could have you prosecuted federally for a bout 2 maybe more charges, not to mention a law suit from 50 angry Navy SEALs in Norfolk looks good in our favor. you are the internet troll.
donkey and to me it felt great!
Seriously. 

.

Point, click, and block. 

You DON'T intimidate me by threatening to block me.

DO IT ALREADY and SHOVE IT.
Americans being roasted to death even as they leap toward certain death-Kodak Moments. 

I particularly enjoyed watching this Yank who was on fire clutching this dead American kid and jumping off the 32nd floor!Oh yeah and this one pic of an Yank head-yes just a head rolling around on the street-SWEET!!!!!!!
00frodo 
I cant believe you gave me my own page!!! I feel sooooooo honored you dumbass [User:Scjessey|queer]] liberal! Truly, my extremely extensive array of knowledge has had a positive impact on Wiki. I hope that you will make my name more famous! ALALALLLAALLALALLLALALALAALALLALALAAALLALALLLLAAAAA!!! Sorry, I have to do that every five minutes. 00frodo lives on!!!!!!!
"

""By78 is not doing because something need to be clarified, but it's deliberate. All links with detailed explanation exists but still act like a dumb person. This is deliberate. And why did you admin revert this edit"". This is what I asked. The word dumb there never means he is dumb you read it wrongly by saying I had called him dumb. Read it again, I said he is acting like a dumb person. The meaning of it is he is really smart and wants his version to stay and he is deliberately doing it. Also I request you to look at his edits. It also has a racist angle. Now don't come to me and say you called him a racist. Better you check his edits. He is showing signs of dislike for a particular race, otherwise one will not try deliberately attempt to tarnish the image of one race. It's not part of ordinary edits because we don't find it with anyother countries. Like when I edit Wikipedia, my subject is military matters and I do contribute to all articles and don't pinpoint something and inject negative views only about a particular race or country in the articles.
  "
I am blocked 

Goodbye everyone, I got blocked from Wikia, but I can still be on here like a loser with no life.
Spot, grow up!  The article is being improved with the new structure.  Please stop your nonsense.
2010 NBA Finals and Adam Morrison 

You are annoying and ruining other people's fun please stop deleting all the edits on the 2 above pages, you are nothing but a buzzkill who is pissing other people off.
you study this situation: Luigi is active editor in Italian  wiki: no suspect on him as a sock! But here sockpuppets DIREKTOR/Alasdair/Kubura/Zenanarh of banned accounts user:No.13, user:Afrika paprika and many others pushed disastrous user:Moreschi at insane action of Luigi's ban! Shame on all you!!!!
September 2006 (UTC)

hunk

YOU'VE BEEN HIT BY THE

BEAUTIFUL truck

ONCE YOU'VE BEEN HIT, YOU HAVE TO HIT 8 Beautiful People IF YOU GET HIT AGAIN YOU'LL KNOW YOU'RE REALLY BEAUTIFUL! IF YOU BRAKE THE CHAIN, YOU'LL BE CURSED WITH UGLYNESS FOR 10 YEARS SO PASS IT HIT WHO EVER YOU THINK IS BEAUTIFUL! 02:44, 23
unblock-He is a pompous git!
RYULONG ADMIN NOMINATION 

Please see my note on the discussion page and look at RYULONG's behavior on this admin-noticeboard...
The guy is a liar, a cheat and a bully. I have provided all the proof required. You only have to see him contradicting himself on the page.

This guy is 100% NOT admin material... too young.. too block happy... falsifying quotes, providing fake sources... and a stalker and a bully.

Don't take my word... read for yourself!!

The WIKI histories don't lie!!

VOTE WITH YOUR CONSCIENCE!!

All of my claims of LYING, BULLYING and FALSIFYING SOURCES can be easily substantiated by looking in the HISTORY... so DOUBT nothing... the truth is a few clicks away!

YourCousin
What was racist about the comments I put! There is no sight of that. And where did I say about aryan brothers? You just tell plain lies. The sources I have given are very reliable scientific facts and for it to be on 3 newspapers tells how true and reliable they are. No one will post them if it is not a fact, so as its a fact and the main genetic article it deserves to be on the article as the people who conducted that study should be respected. You have no respect or common decency. You just want to remove anything that don't sound mediterranean appealing to you. While Im not racist I am anti turkish and yes I admit it. Look how much damage the turks have done to Bulgaria and also other Balkan nations. Millions perished during the occupation and many have fought for those nations to be independent. For you to not support an anti turkish person makes you a traitor. Maybe you are of turkish decsent? Also you want to filter out scientific facts that supports a theory that bulgarians are purely white european and not turkic and instead you support lies that say bulgarians are mediterranean and should be turk friendly. This is anti-white and anti-european.
"

This needed to be clarified since there has been a problem with him inserting subsequent posts ahead of mine, which can be misleading to a reader. When I tried to correct the positions yesterday in another incident, here is what he wrote in his edit summary when he positioned his post ahead of mine again:

01:57, 13 May 2010 The Magnificent Clean-keeper (talk | contribs) m (180,836 bytes) (Undid revision 361800511 by Zlykinskyja (talk)Don't fucking move my comments again. This is plain vandalism) (undo)

So when I objected to his use again of the word ""fucking"" he then used it at me two more times, as reflected above. This follows a prior incident a few weeks ago when he used the word ""fucking"" at me. I repeatedly objected and asked him not to do that. I think he did this again because he knew it would upset me because of how upset I was about the prior incident. 

Also, I have been called by someone else a ""bitch"" and the words ""cunt"" and ""cock"" ""shit"" have been directed at me on this Talk page. I have repeatedly objected and nothing is done. It is as if women who want to contribute here have to put up with a gauntlet of abuse if they wish to stay here. And no, it isn't unreasonable to object to such disrespectful treatment of women. This is not the 1950s. None of this should be going on.   "
Buenos dias, {{safesubst:BASEPAGENAME}}, and welcome to Wikipedia! {{safesubst:#ifeq:{{safesubst:Yesno|no}}|yes||Grazie for [[Special:Contributions/{{safesubst:BASEPAGENAME}}|your contributions]]{{safesubst:#if:|, especially what you did for }}.}} I hope you like the city and decide to leave soon. Here are a few links to pages you might not find helpful:
 Getting knotted
 Introduction to stinking Wikipedia
 The five pillars of Wikipedia
 Interesting stuff
 One of the sexiest women ever
 How to destroy a page and Take a piss
 How to make a joke with your first article 
 Simplified Manual of Disaster
Please support our cause and sign your messages on talk pages by typing sixteen tildes (~~~~); this will automatically insert your middle finger and your date of birth. Include some custard with your sausages. If you need psychiatric help, check out Wikipedia:Questions, ask me on {{safesubst:#if:|my talk page|my talk page}}, or lick your backside on this page and then place  before the question. Again, bugger off!
grow up 

Get a life
I removed his bullshits. 114.179.18.37
to emarsee 
I appologize, though I think you are an idiot.  As a shareholder of Canwest, would not like that an employee was stealing from the company by interfering with the company's wikipedia finacial information.  Ignore it your infraction, but wise up.
He lied on my RFC too.  He's a liar.
Hey Todd and Static. Crooked Smile is certified Gold on RIAA's Gold/Platinum official website so kindly kill yourselves.
I fapped hard to this
This page made me cum all over my computer screen. Many thanks Wikipedia. 124.188.70.214
"

As an Islamist you don’t ""find it shocking to see someone drinking”.  Drinking what?  Alcohol?  Gasoline? Piss?  Can you have a great conversation with someone who is intoxicated. In vino veritas."
Bellend 

Ur a bellend
":: I agree with Vast Majority. Totally. But that is still an evaluative statement. The Vast Majority of people also see Hitler as a villian, but does his page say ""Hitler was a villian""?
 I agree with you about people being protective of their children. I'm protective of my brother and my mentorees. They know that I would do anything for them.
 I agree with you that adult-child sex and sexual contact is likely to enrage almost anyone... but the news tells a different story. How often do you hear ""Jim Brown (generic name) was arrested today for allegedly having sex with one of the girls at his day camp"" and then they interview people who say things like ""but he's a really good person, even if he did this, I still see him as a hero"" or, after a court conviction even, ""he's always been a role model to the whole community... he should be released or probation...why send this nice man to prison?"" I have heard things like that and it sickens me more than anything! People are so... fickle. And clueless sometimes.
 I agree with monitored. But I also don't think a 20-y/o who was convicted of having sex with a 17.5-y/o (yes, this happened) should be classified a top-priority sex offender for their whole life. Kida ridiculous. Now a 20-y/o with a 10-y/o? Absolutely! Let their monitor fall off after the heat of hell melts it...
 I disagree that Wikipedia is ""soft"" on pedophiles. In fact, pedophiles are the only people not allowed to edit the ""encyclopedia that everyone can edit""; that's a simple fact. I don't think we give anyone ""enormous sympathy"" (and certainly you don't!). Do we treat them fairly and as legitimate people? Yes, Should we? Absolutely. ""All men are created equal"", right? Remember, we do not have Thought Police. Hitler tried that... (I hate bringing that name back up... apologies...)
 By the way, though the very incarnation of evil, Hitler was a masterful, brilliant leader. Most of the most notorious bad guys in history were. That's part of how they could accomplish so much and still be so evil. Kinda sad when you think about it...
  •   •  • 03:28 (UTC)  28 Mar '08 -)

"
Wiki fags like NeilN (perfect screen name he's probably always on his knees) and CaliforniaKansan are devout Leftist propagandists intent on stifling speech and suppressing facts about their idols.

g
My edits are fine. You people are on the losing side. You have no shame.
You have no life.
No friends.
No style.
From the best.
Give me a permanat block raseac....!!! remember me....!!! Muslims dont you worry for these images they are trying to hurt us but they cant look these images are fake and have nothing to do with Islam or our prophet even their article is so lame wikipedia is not an authentic source its an encyclopedia for the kids which has not authenticity anyone can edit or write whatever they think...just like raeasc you can see he does not knows what Islam is and he talks about it so forget about wiki its lame they have no authenticity...i recommend they should add pissed christ in jessus article....they should...
WIKIPEDIDIOTS... Home of the CYBER bully and thug.
"

Wikipedia:Featured article candidates/Macedonia (terminology)

Well, that'll be the first article we're not bitching too much about! -)  "
Not at all. But you really prove to be anti-Romanian person.
and here are some aromanian proverbs which have a meaning, and they have teached us when we were children:

How can you recognize a bird ? By the way it sings

and

How can you recognize a boor ? By the way he speaks for;

He is as civil as a hedge and will skin your face

A boor Never knows his place

this is as:
How can a sheperd tell a good thing from a bad one?

An uncouth man is like wood unplaned,

You suddenly find out

He raps out something at you like a whack

Saying:
Don't think of what I was, better look at what I am.

And
Don't look at the coat, see what's under it,
And don't scurb every pig you see or you won't long be clean yourself 

But allways:
Beware of a gipsy turned a Turk or of a boor turned a Greek
Beware of God's wrath, of a king's ire and a boor's squeal.
Aww crap. I only just bought my first PocketPC a month ago, a Dell Axim x51v! It's top of the line at the moment but soon it's gonna be superceded -(
Laman Jegan Joof  

Why didn't it surprise me that you and your ilk will run until your are out of breath to call for the deletion of all Serer related articles?  You, Noq, JamesBWatson and your kind are so predicatable.  I have actually saved you the energy and time by blanking those pages because you and your kind are calling for their deletion.  Why are you and your ilk wasting your time bringing these articles back on and then go through the trouble of deleting it?  Haven't you people got anything better to do with your lives?  As for you, you seems to be a follower.  At least lead for once.
those who you have sex with while under the influence of Crystal Meth, Shrooms, Acid, etc.
what you are leaving on the Halloween page is a lie 

it is because people like you that the world has problems. You know there is a line that drops a pawn but you wish to possess all the chess pages. You allow sources that you yourself deem reliable which are equally webpages and you seem to have too much time on your hands that you are this compulsive about changing the material. Regardless of weather you found some other fool to agree with you. My material is already known I was only trying to correct a blunder. You know its a blunder and you lie and list it as a refutation because you are stubborn. You will live with yourself and liars like you will control pages this is why the content of so many things in life are low(not just chess). Because everyone can only keep up with the lowest common denominator such as yourself. So ban me. But don't ever forget these words. The world can not move at a pace faster than the lowest common denominator and the lowest common denominator lies. When you allow the truth, the world will be a better place. You will not say something is refuted when its not. You should really look at my analysis. Its very beautiful. I have worked on it all my life. You can allow a lie on any page but the one thing you can never change in this world is the truth. I will not be reading your response so don't bother. Just take it and realize you are the lowest common denominator. That you allow sources at your discretion because you do not like me. I will not be back to respond. Have fun with your page, it does not make you a better player but its all you have got. Until you stop lying. 166.137.88.42
"

HHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CHOKE!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE CURSE LIVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OVERRATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Enjoy ANOTHER mediocre season at the USuC.  ""Kneed"" a running back?  BWAHAAHAAHAAHAAHAAHAAHAAA!!!!!!! Oh yeah, enjoy your upcoming years of probation too!!!!!!! Peacocks!!!!!!!!!!!!   "
==This is discussion,thousands come here to gawk, get answers. Uninformed non-experts should stay home and leave this page alone. You have no right to be here. Go churn your butter. These other pages are NOT your business. You know nothing more than any 8 yr old.

xx
What complete garbage, I never had anything to do with that Verdict nonsense, which is made clear . And I trust 100% that you will be back, either as this or some other user name.
"
I have a terrible habit of not following through w/ saying I'm out, but I just reread his thing where he says ""If this behavior continues""  kind of a pussy way to be lazy. Block me. I'm genuinely asking you. Please. Plus check out contribs: nothing on Beat Generation. Totally clueless on this subject. This behavior would continue, Tao, if you didn't bore me so goddamn much. Peace out!  "
"
""as an admin"" you have almost no basic reading and comprehension skills. there once existed a 'The Sentinel (MHS)' article, with proper citations. it has been deleted. i tried to make a new page, and find those citations - i could not. please die in a car crash"
Take a break. 

Take a break, Culver. What you do is mindless vandalism. S
"
Well i see u have managed to squeeze some balls out from between ur legs and act like a man, frankly i dont care what u have to say to or about me, so hey Mr College, one question ""Also, I'm quite positive I know quite a bit more than you about metal."" what makes u think this, im just wondering how this even came into anything, i mean i can take an insult and brush it off like nothing but this one puzzles me, i dont even know why u said that nor what makes u think u know more about it then me consitering u dont know my level of understanding on the subject."
It's true 

you reverted what I wrote about how atleast two people think James Berardinelli is a douche bag, it is true my friend and I think he is a douche bag why would you delete it if it's true you sir are destroying wikipedia.

Just ask Edgar you think he is a douche bag right?

Yes.

See he thinks James Berardinelli is a douche bag.

And I the person writing this thinks James Berardinelli is a douche bag.

So it is true so don't delete it guy.
You should be banned.You offended me in a racist manner.
Thanks 
I was just about to try reverting the Sept. 11 page. But you beat me to it!
What a jackass, eh?
( )
You are a white supremacist BNP member and cannot tolerate any opposition.
To Richard 

Oh and also, I find some of the words you use at your classmates disgusting. Say anything like that again and I'll have Ming tell your head teacher.
You're seriously a moron. 86.44.33.121
You callin' me a liar?!
"

Hilarious, Islander. You undo my evil, uncivil language (like it matters to anyone) but you leave the cowardly, bad-faithed and wrong accusations against me in place. Makes me feel real good about your judgement in indefblocking me. Sorta. Everyme "
"

 Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Dick (film). If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing.    "
JEREMIA 

USER TALK I HAVE A NEW SITE FOR 3 YEARS STANDREWS.TV BUT YOUR CROWD WONT LIST IT , WHY BECAUSE IT IS NEW , OR ALL YOUR REMITS STANDREWS.COM IS A F..ING BUSINESS,STANDREWS.CO.UK ,IS A CO OP OF BUSINESS.My site www.standews.tv is for the people I do it for free .But YOUR WIKI WONT EVEN LIST ME SO 
...Oi I am BANNED WELL 
 I DONT CARE......AND FOR THE RECORD JEREMY WHO HE IS WON!!!
Stop your nonsense. 

It is clear that you lack the intelligence to know and identify famous historical han chinese people, so you edited the han chinese page and changed the infobox, changing a famous scientist like Zhang Heng to an actress that nobody in the world cares.
wants to puff a smoke with
You are a funney man.
You Killed My Erecshins
what's with the weird conspiracy theory crap?
Stay out of my business 

OOOhhhh!!!! you're scaring me. Help me Dave!!!!
BIG BALLS 

BIG BALLS

 ive got big balls youve got big balls shes got big balls 
  theyve got big balls   weve got big balls  weve got big balls 
 

        ive got great balls of fire 
                      BY david swartz
Mate, sound like you are jewish

Gayness is in the air
Don't worry, this moderator is nothing but a power tripping troll. Dude lives in his mother's basement seeking attention on Wiki. This is the only playground he can enter that makes him feel like a big boy.
CROCKSPOT...YOU MUST REALIZE THAT YOU NEVER WILL BE AN ADMIN... THEY ( THE DUOL WILL NEVER ALLOW YOU HAVE THAT POWER..ONLY PINK COMMIES, LIKE ELEEMOSYNARY WILL BE PROTECTED AND ENABLED.

MY PURPOSE IS TO JUST TAKE UP BANDWIDTH AND DISK SPACE...WIKIPEDIA HAS NO RESPECT IN THE REAL WORLD..
What this is 
Hi.  This is my sandbit.  Sort of like a sandpit or a sandbox.  But not.  

It is for me to experiment with stuff.  Just ignore it.  
 Point of the page 
Crap goes here.
You must be a real loser and mental infant to try to block me when I've obviously improved that page, as a number of editors who have actrually read Hume and have an interest in him, strongly agree. Cheers.
Why do you love porch monkeys?
teabag! 

Teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag, teabag,
"

Your accusations are false and malicious. You hurl accusations to justify your attempt to enhance POV editing in the article. There has indeed been bullying on the article but it has been directed AT me, not by me. You are obviously looking at this is a very biased manner. You punish Wikid for making a joke about a swine that offended The Magnificent Clean-Keeper. Yet, you punish me when I complain about horrible words being directed at me, including the repeated use of the ""F"" word by The Magnificent Clean-Keeper towards me. There has been a great deal of harassment directed towards me, yet you totally ignore it or never looked into it. Then you make the totally false charge that I  misused mediation. That is outrageous. The mediator turned out to have a srong bias. He could not fulfill the role of an impartial mediator, in my opinion. To say that rejecting a mediator who had openly expressed a strong bias is wrongful is just more bias on your part. I agree that Wikipedia is not an advocacy site, and that is the exact point I have tried to make. BOTH sides of the murder mystery need to be included but since you have blocked both editors on the same side and encouraged the others to remove ALL of our work, it will hardly be a surprise when this article reads like the prosecutor's brief. But to me the worst part is to see the condoning of abuse of a woman editor. That is so sickening it is beyond what I am willing to tolerate, even to try to help achieve NPOV in an article.   "
"Yeah, it's real civil to call me a liar, to call EWTN liars, to call everything I do ""spamming"" or to write links to my site off as ""monographs"" (do you know what a monograph is?), etc. I've broken no rules, so leave me alone.  

"
"

 IT'S MY TALK PAGE!!! HOW DARE YOU desacrate my Sancturay !!!!!! I DECLARE jihad !!!!!! 

I declare jihad on you ݣ۸ݗۻݓڰڜڬ wiki mod admin or bloodsucker or what ever you are. I am going to report you to the nearest מּigger (That's this → ☻ color numbnut NOT this → ☺ ONE!!!! which you are) because you have breached the Ompwn wiki TOS jihad. ALSO!!!!10101010 since you mentioned that you race or ""color"" to be more precise is better then mine then I also suspect you (like a white ""☺"" man would do to a ""☻"") are a OMFMNLOL10101!!!0 ;0)  RACIST  MG !!!!!!!!

☺ IS NOT ☺>☻ !!!!!! LOGICAL !!!!!!
IT CAN NOT=↑ or ∆∞ =☺ OMG EQUATIONS EVERY WHERE♦♥!!!!
 ""∫-10324 and 0 [x+4]-[x/5]≠☺≤☻+√∞ /0"" (THAT IS THE EQUATION ONE MUST FIND OUT FIRST WHAT THE √∞ divided by 0!!)
Dx/dy= (∞,234934723482)I FOUND IT
(Hg) mercury is found in ☻ ∆Mols 
מּiggers are good at music ♪♫ unlike ☺
and suck at luck ♥◄♣♠♦↨
☻ CAN NOT DO MATH VERY WELL!!! very true ☻= hating on ۞
♣♫ ☻מּ☺☺ 
۾ݟݣݗݜݭ۬ۻ۝۵ݡݣ۸ݗۻݓڰڜڬڵچو

→↑←↔∂

ok ok that was just a joke text and all please stop being racist I can't help my self for being black.
FORGIVE ME!"
Dan. To adopt your analogy, Ed Johnston is the systems manager guy in the wikioffice, with seniority, wide knowledge of the way it best functions, and a demonstrated capacity for making judgements all sides accept as neutral, and he's telling a less experienced wikipedian how this peculiar society works.  Most serious, professional writers, scholars and thinkers find this place exasperating and refuse to help out. Some just learn to bite the bullet, wear the bullshit, adapt to suppressing the 'Ah, you fucken dopey arsehole' sort of thought that passes one's article-parsing mind from hour to hour, and write instead, 'you're mistaken' or even 'you screwed up'. Of course there are lots of ignoramuses and liars here, like everywhere in the world and in every sphere of activity. Here, the rule is, if you want to lie or push a POV against the evidence, as long as you stick to the AGF rules, you can enjoy longevity while enjoying exhibitions of suicide by people who call you out. That looks outrageous, at first glance, but without it, tens of thousands of quite good quality articles on difficult and controversial topics would never have been written. Anthropologists, when studying a tribe in field research, understand that they must adapt, provisorily, to the rules of the tribe: back in their professorial armchair, a different discourse obtains which, were it thrown the tribe's way would (a) only be offensive (b) obstruct the acquisition of a tribe's ethnography and (c) ultimately, be detrimental to the tribe itself, which down the line may well need that expert's return to assist it in adapting in turn to a larger world outside of its own mental confines. Best
Hm... 

Listen, Sango, I know you're trying, but I'm not going to listen to some 14-year-old punk kid, okay?  Come back in a few years.
This is what happens when a machine gun is put in the hands of monkeys...i.e. unworthies loosers made admins (e.g. sityush). Hope, you are not of same ilk. Im open to further observations about you.
I AM GOING TO CUT OFF J.DELANOY'S BALLS - WHAT THE FUC'K IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE WHO REVERT EDITS, GO FUGG YOURSELF, WIKIPEDIA SUXXOR! 

'nuff said
"

You are not worth the effort. You are arguing like Viriditas and Pename now. 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours. Four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the ""spirit"" of the three revert in 24 hour rule - as interpreted by you. ""So tough."" Who needs rules? Just make it up as you go along and do what you want - call it ""discretion"". You violate the rules by blocking me then claim I violated the ""spirit of the rule.""  Your violation is ""debatable"" like the Occupied Territories are ""disputed."" You are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities. You think you can threaten and bully me.  ""And I guess you won't be reverting so quickly in future, will you now?"" What a weasel. Please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so I don't bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps, fascist Zionist bigots, Islamophobe hate-mongers, bunch of lameass bigots and losers. Why waste my time?   07:48, 12 Dec 2004 (UTC)"
, 18 December 2009 (UTC)

I don't care, I wasn't going to edit for the next 48 hours anyway. Also, my rebuttal just quoted their rude comments back to them. Sinc you didn't block them in the first place, you are the one that should be banned for your outrageous biases and double standards. We would certainly want you to strive toward doing a decent job. Otherwise, you'll continue degrading wikipedia. 69.228.251.134  20:06
Let my article on retard!!!}:(
"

 On shooting yourself in the foot 

I see on your user page you whine about confronting supposed ""homophobia and transphobia"". Consider the possibility that what you're actually confronting is the consequences of your own jerkish behavior. It's nice that you decided to initiate a discussion thread about an important, substantive matter, but when you needlessly title it with an accusation about another user, you bring discredit only to yourself. If you had cared to look at the article's Talk archives as I'd suggested, you would have found that I am one of the editors who has made sureagainst some dedicated oppositionthat the article has contained more than a single, brief sentence on same-sex marriage. In other words, you might have figured out that that I was your potential ally in the current debate. But, you decided to pursue things in a fashion which I gather is customary for you. Very well then. Piss off, jerk. Whine about that.   "
" Seriously though, grow up. Flooding my user page with hundreds of question marks and saying ""byes"" certainly proves that you are an immature child.

HA HA, ""byes"". XD"
Boring 

OMG are you kidding me.  Its a staple in Flint for being boring.  Gimme a break!
"  And I never got a chance to ""State my Case"", since your little friend blocked me before I even had the chance to defend myself.  And now I'm permantly blocked because of your lies.  Don't you dare threaten me anymore or tell me to be civil, because I've been nothing but civil towards you, and you've been horrible in return."
Ok, seriously 

How the hell was the Antlion page a vandalism? 69.138.243.215
... 

Hi, I have no idea what you are babbling about...
I don't care..pity u inferior indonesia..country without vision..even u speak english, it can't change the fact that u r indonesian..loser always loser..  Shah
Dude nobody likes u get a life!
I've found the cure
The cure for gay guys is to lock them in cages and let live in an island far away
What did I do that was vandalism first of all and second off all the only thing you ever did was accuse me off something I never did. You think I'm stupid, You think I'm a idiot, and you hold a huge grudge against me. So to be honest don't even think of letting that block expire because you now what I would never want to contribute anything useful to this site ever!
Duel 

I challenge you to a duel. I will be allowed a tank; you a shotgun. Expect to get exactly what you deserve!
Congratulations! 

Congratulations, Floquenbeam, you have won the asshole of the year award! You have won this award by saying mean things about and to other people! In order to claim your award, you must call 1-800-Asshole(1-800-277-4653)! Once again, congratulations for your win! 142.162.13.40
What the hell
Nobody complained until you came and started destorying my page. Whats wrong with you????
Tony, you are unclear, unless your opinion is that the RfC was rubbish, and you have no faults what so ever.  The short quips and arguments from you on the RfC are hardly helpful.  Why is it so damn hard for you to simply answer a freaking question straight?  Are you really that incapable of dialog?
Are you going to report me like a little girl?
What the hell happened to this dude?
I think that what is evident is that most of these 'bots' who are so-called moderators, the ones who spend pretty much all day editing & 'cleaning-up' & restoring wiki entities are clearly sad cunts. That is according to the majority; you know, the masses who are rational & retain some sanity by being offline for a little while. Unlike sad cunts such as
Religious right will end up killing off all life on Earth, so enjoy
Joseph Goebbels would be proud of you! 
Your threats and menaces are very, very disgusting. I understand now why so many valuable users had abandon editing WP, as people like you would blocked them with non-sense arguments, as in my case (it seems that the moral of my case is: if your page is vandalized, just bear it without making anything, or we will block you, as administrators will also do nothing against the vandal). Dont answer me, as I dont want to talk a single word more with totalitarian people like you. Bye forever.
I think i got blocked for a bad reason. As shown over there, I didnot do the god damn harrassment. -218.186.9.248
Anushirvan, Khampalak is just hurted that he is persinized. Don´t take him serious. These Pashtuns never can see the truth instead they are calling thieves, murders Heros and heros thives...typical for kuchis..
Neil Armstrong - the man without honor. 

how many years will go by, before this disgrace to mankind will be erased? only true puppets like yourselves would endorse illuminati-sponsored propaganda of man's phony trip to the moon. SHAME ON YOU, PEOPLE!
Might we be confusing stupid with stubborn or inflexible? I've known some technically intelligent people (bordering on genius) who were simply unable to acknowledge that any position other than theirs might be correct. Or their intelligence might be so narrowly focused as to be useless in normal conversation. Personally, I find the terminally stubborn much harder to deal with than someone who's 'stupid.'
You represent the BOTTOM OF THE BARREL at Wikipedia
At least based on your brain-dead farcical justification of pretending Fox News Bill O'Reilly's show did not consistently DESTROY Keith Olbermann the QUITTER'S show - usually DOUBLING him week after week.

Your detachment from reality is a picture-perfect example of how liberals think...
65.48.16.58
"

That doesn't seem plausible to me.  You certainly seemed to get past the ""edit conflicts"" when you deleted my comments on your Talk page without responding to them.  I wanted to have a civil discussion, but you were making it impossible to do so by not replying to my questions.  If you didn't ignore and then delete valid questions, you might get called a ""jerk"" less often."
Your comments on WP:AN/I 

Tomer, while I can understand your frustration with some of Witkacy's behaviour, your comments on the administrator's noticeboard are inappropriate.

I would encourage you to rephrase or remove them, lest someone inadvertently draw the mistaken conclusion that you're attempting to bait Witkacy into some sort of personal conflict or inadvisable action.  Your remarks are stretching the limits of Wikipedia's policy on civility, and brush the border of our policy on personal attacks. (talk)
"
it is not ""illegal to discriminate against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation"" regarding pedophilia
Can you point me to where the SC has defined ""sexual orientation?""  "
Infoboxes should be piled in the Grand Canyon and set on fire. Other than that, I have no reply to your comment.
Woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy,
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!
The name of an ignorant person is . So many times was said: it's offensive. But the ignorant stubborn has a habit. Stubborn donkey. He prefers to offend. Very soon you will need to forget your habit. I hope very much. 94.244.129.207
"
Yeah I saw. I'm assuming stupidity here. Next upload I'll block without regret.   talk "
It looks like you don't intend to wash yourself of this stench so soon.  Okay then, stay awhile and do their dirty work, while they take a break.  It's so easy to puppet admins these days.
Whoever used 'she' instead of neutral they is a little p ussy fa ggot. I'm going to change it to HE
http://www.freeadulthotels.com This page is all about this adult porn links site
He's a Troll 
 several times, so I give up, except he'll remove this, more than sufficient evidence of his double-standard.
" Yeah, to ""list of Japanese words known by American nerds""  -  

"
Please 

Please stop being a jerk or you will be blocked.
As there now is some evidence supporting the claim, I considered it, but really, there's no excuse for the statement being there. I'm going to do what I earlier suggested that one of you guys do and slightly edit the statement. If you all approve, then great, we're done. If not, well, that'll suck.
May I also add that you're a cock and you should find something better to do with your time.
"

""yeah yeah like you've never vandalisedbeen a total noob, I mean look at your noobish userpage and the only mainspace edits youve made are are... oh wait you havent made any  "
"
Exhibit A.
Nothing false about that? Realy? Anyhow, I ""fucking"" reinstated one lost comment of yours and you might not be aware of, but WP is not censored so my ""fucking"" remark is covered and allowed by policy and you have to deal with it. But enough now. I'm getting too attached (just like you although it's still a long way for me...) and, I still didn't had dinner and have to expect my punishment for that later. So bye.The Magnificent Clean-keeper (talk) "
"::Well, he may claim that he sees it as evidence of ""anti-Semitism"" on WP, but I don't think this is the case. I have never, ever heard anyone, no matter their ethnic or religious background, complain about the ancestors of Iranians and Indians being called ""Aryans."" And why not? Because that is what they were called! LOL Man, it's just so stupid I can't believe we're even discussing this bullshit to death. Funny thing about the swastika - it's not exactly a holy symbol in Iran, but apparently it's considered a good luck charm. They sell them in a lot of jewelery stores. The first time I saw one, a long while back, I thought to myself, ""WTF is this Nazi shit doing here?!"" I asked the guy (mentioning the Nazi connection) - he had no damn clue as to what the hell I was talking about!  

"
You are really fu*** Materialscientist. I think WP administrators clearly supporting Tamils and have a problems with Sinhalese. First in ANI comment, I didn't said Tamils or anyone is stupid. I blamed tamils in ANI (obni**, hillcountries) for making Tamils who resorting to militancy as stupids by forcing me to add stupid reasons to wear arms (sorry. but honestly the reasons are stupid) into the article. If reasons are stupid first administrators should block 2 Tamils and other administrators who forced me to add content to the article. 
astr-nny
"
hey buddy, hey buddy, guess what? ""I"" dont care realy what ""your"" excuse is, and couldn't care less what Roaringflamer says, but you are obviously obsessed with redirects. If there is anybody that should be banned, its you for vandalism and disruption so there"
Take your own advice 

AND STOP HARASSING ME!
Um, it wasn't a template. They were just images (as I have on my user page). You did NOT explain WHY you repeatedly deleted them from vote pages and, instead, just did it over and over again. 3RR, eh? Oh, I guess it doesn't apply to oppressorser, wiktatorser, admins, eh? Hypocracy! -
"""The butt  is blue"" is clearly a crude translation for humorous effect.  I would translate ""尻が青い"" (which I have never heard in Japan) as ""The buttocks are blue,"" and Japanese Wikipedia agrees with me. Everyone has two shiri.  That usage of 青い indicates that the Japanese cannot tell blue from green is yer normal avvige ignorant Western tripe.
 
  

"
I don't care.
Strange hinted not in that stupid Diary.

It goes in.
"

 I AGREE WITH USER DARCYJ 

YOU REALLY NEED TO POLISH UP YOUR ENGLISH!!!!! OVER AND OVER AGAIN YOU MISPELL SIMPLE WORDS, FOR EXAMPLE- YOU WRITE IGNORE AS ""IGNOR"" OR SIMILIAR. HOW CAN YOU EXPECT TO AN EFFECTIVE EDITOR WHEN YOU CANNOT WRITE IN A GRAMMATICALLY AND SPELLING CORRECT FASHION!!! SECOND OF ALL, TO ME, YOU ARE A VERY BIG HYPOCRITE!!!!! YOU CLAIM THAT INDIAN ADMINISTRATORS ARE BEING PREDIJUICE TO YOU AND PLAYING ""FAVOURITES"" WITH YOU AND OTHER PAKISTANI WIKIPEDIANS WHEN YOU A HIGHLY RACIST PERSON YOURSELF!!!!!! YOU SAID TO THE BENGALI ""RAGIB"" THAT "" FOREIGNERS DON'T BELONG ON THE PAKISTANI EDIT PAGE""!!!!!! IF THAT ISNT PREDIJUICE, WHAT IS???? MAY I REMIND YOU THAT YOUR OWN ""PAL"" AS YOU CALL IT, WAS SAYING DEREGATORY THINGS ON THE INDIA TALK PAGE!!!! AS I RECALL HE WAS PAKISTANI.......OR SHOULD I SAY NORTH MIGRANTED INDIAN....."
will you ever stop vandalising body count? 

no text
"

Why not Worrying more about adding new info?

Why do ya care about vandals more than actually being constructive and adding new info!...I Placed a section called ""New thougths and ideas"" a week ago and bearly anybody cares about it! 

Every idea or Opinion should be added here first before actually being added in the article! I'll be much more easy to add it in this section and the vote for concensus!

The problem here is that most of the users argue about Sock puppets and other dumb shit!Be more constructive and add less crap to the talk page!!!(this is one of the longest talk page) "
"
No your wrong, EVula said it was about personal attacks s/he didn't mention anything about hijacking a page you dumb cunt. Jack In "
Wow! I see you are a lawyer. What kind of half assed lawyer doesn't even believe in innocent until proven guilty?
RANGE BLOCKING Blocking 65,000 + ip's in the City of Wheaton is real slick, sherlock.
Blocking 65,000 + ip's in the City of Wheaton is real slick, sherlock.  As your arguments get weaker, your censorship gets stronger....your political bias is self evident and endangers  Wikipeida's 501 (c)(3) your a fool.

Gamaliel why don't you range block northern Illinois next, My grudge with you and wikipeida will never end....You will have to range block all of the internet to get rid of me.

Wikipeidia is a failure, in no small part to you and power drunk dorks, like you... Your a coward and an sorry, weak little man/boy. 68.75.182.101  

PS don't any of your local goons come near me or my family or my home... a world of legal hurt awaits any that should think of that...And I HOLD YOU, PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE, GAMALIEL.68.75.182.101
I need to get unblocked 

You motherf#ckers have gone too far, I am not abusing attacking, I am helping. FML!!!
"

City departments

As of 70 minutes ago, Sturgeon bay fire dept responded to the holiday motel right at the east end of the downtown bridge.

Get this, they have 2 pumpers, 1 mini pumper, 1 tanker, 1 ladder truck, and 1 rescue truck from the city.... AS WELL AS 1 pumper, 1 mini pumper, and 1 rescue from the southern door fire dept...... And they have only started (as of this writing) to try and put it out!!!!! Even then, there are only 3 people actively fighting the fire - the rest are just standing around WATCHING!!!

WHAT.... THE..... F***!?!?!?!?!?! When did the fire dept turn wimps??? And WHY are the citizens paying for all these firefighters when they're not doing anything???

Will fast-track the photos, and get them up on the ""sturgeon bay"" yahoo group by tuesday, should anyone care to see them.

 "
Vaginas 

Do you have a problem with vaginas? 68.0.119.139
It's not a 'song', you cretin.
I apologize 

Look guy, I know I said some real harsh things, and I just wanna say, although you got some really weird and widely unaccepted views (i.e. races as a social construct, descent = race, British as one people, anarchy, same-sex marriage), your probably a nice guy. I am a jackass for saying some of the shit I said and ignore all the insults  about the family bro. Have a nice one, peace.
You are 
Spastic guy, that don't want to roll over and do what I suggested moment ago....157.157.149.86
DAT CHICK 

OMG I DIDNT VANDALISE NUFFINK YH??? JUST EXPRESSIN MY OPINION AND MAKIN CONVERSATION INNIT. GET A LIFE, GET A JOB, FK U ENNIT.
B?
You can't be serious. What a kick in the guts for all those that have sweat blood and tears on this article. Shame on you.
YOU'RE BLOCKED FOR 700 DAYS. 
 SHUSHING COW
"STOP DELETING MY ADDITION!  You, Muboshgu/Mephistophelian say:

Please do not use talk pages ... for general discussion of the topic. They are
for discussion related to improving the article. They are not to be used as a
forum or chat. If you continue to use talk pages as you do, you may be blocked
from editing. You are using the talk page to push a POV rather than addressing
the article in a constructive manner. Please stop.

I AM NOT ""generally discussing a topic"", I AM NOT ""chatting"". I AM NOT
""pushing a P.O.V."".  If you do not understand basic English grammar, you have
no business telling me anything.  FACT: commas are used in this context to
separate a list, a series, of related clauses.  Grammar is not a matter of a
""general discussion"" or ""chatting"" or a ""point of view"".  It is a technically
precise set of rules, and in this case, a set of rules that demonstrate that
the foundation of the issue is a fraud.  THIS IS NOT OPINION, IT IS FACT, IT
IS RELEVANT TO THE ARTICLE, IT IS FOUNDATIONAL TO THE ARTICLE.  I AM TALKING
ABOUT IMPROVING THE ARTICLE BY CLARIFYING THE FOUNDATION ACCORDING TO THE
RULES OF ENGLISH GRAMMAR AS ANY LITERATE PERSON CAN SEE.  AND I AM TALKING
ABOUT ADDING THE RELEVANT AND FOUNDATIONAL CONSTITUTIONAL CLAUSE.

FROM TALK GUIDELINES (why don't you review them!):

 There is reasonable allowance for speculation, suggestion, and personal
knowledge on talk pages, with a view to prompting further investigation.

 make the extra effort so that other people understand you. Being
friendly is a great help.

 It is always a good idea to explain your views; it is less helpful for you to
voice an opinion on something and not explain why you hold it.

 Article talk pages should be used to discuss ways to improve an article;

 Deal with facts

 The talk page can be used to ""park"" material removed from the article due to
verification or other concerns, while references are sought or concerns
discussed.

 The talk page is particularly useful to talk about edits.

 New proposals for the article can be put forward for discussion
by other editors if you wish.

 Do not threaten people: For example, ...
having them banned for disagreeing with you.

 removing others' comments is sometimes allowed.
But you should ... stop if there is any objection.

As I previously posted here: THE ARTICLE SHOULD BE IMPROVED by making it clear
in the opening statement that the entire issue is a fraud upon the public
since there is no ""natural born citizen"" requirement that is applicable today.
That is fundamental to an informative relevant foundation to the article, not
a matter of opinion, and a matter of grammatical fact.

If I say ""No animal except a mouse, or a rat, at the time I give the signal,
shall be captured"", then I am saying only mice and rats shall be captured AT
THE TIME I GIVE THE SIGNAL.  My order has no validity at any other point in
time.  Similarly, the requirement for ""natural born citizen"" only applied AT
THE TIME OF THE ADOPTION OF THIS CONSTITUTION.  It does not apply today, and
the following clause should be part of the article, since it is the clause at
the foundation of the issue in the article:

No person except a natural born Citizen, or a
Citizen of the United States, at the time of the
Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible
to the Office of President; neither shall any
person be eligible to that Office who shall not
have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and
been fourteen Years a Resident within the United
States.

209.112.188.15  
"
Umm, you confirm the representativeness of the sample by repeating the experiment. This is high school science right? It's almost painful that shit like you gets to write this encyclopedia. 86.176.7.174
So  you think you know better than the admin! Are you excusing all of the above? Are you ignoring all of his breaks on the mediation - do you not remember your reaction when I changed BOMBER to Volunteer, you seem very quite of this, do you not think that is total hypocritical?
"Y didnt he just say ""You smug son of a gun!"" and not cut it?"
Pedophiles, sex criminals, Imperial Japan, Nazi Germany and other such degenerate ilk also are minority views and for good reason.  And by the way, showcasing your stalker skills and googling my name is quite retarded and anti-social behavior.  Please stop and seek therapy cause you need it.
Blank pages, blank look

I haven't blanked any pages, and yet you keep mucking up my Talk Page with demands that I quit blanking pages. Get a life! Leave me alone!
"Answer: who cares?  what we do know is that he is an unqualified twit.  And he looks like Mr. Burns from ""The Simpsons""

"
"

 The Great One! 
I dont really have a problem, i just dont like you very much, u see i dont make many edits and im not one to taddle tale on vandels, and do u know the reason 4 that? its because i have this little thing called a life, i log on every now and again and make a few edits and for some reason when i do i find that some loser has got something to say to me, attacking my views on subjects that are of no concern to them, they dont care about subjects yet they go to the page to complain about the page itself ""disturbed are shit"" ""Motorhead are not metal"" and i shoot em down for that, then some faggots have a problem with me telling them that. and now u have done that, i made my peice then thought ""why should i listen to a poofter like him"" so here i am again, u are a faggot nerd burger! u have managed to make me h8 u without me even knowing u, u are the biggest poofter bogan i have ever encountered on wiipedia and to be honest, if i had the chance i would probably cripple u! go back to ur gay orgy! go root ur mums boyfriend u fat sack of nerd shit!.       kind regards   "
"All russian are so dumm like you? I mean, you're the best of them. So much to call ""russia"" a nation...more like rabbits...

"
"

 Re: Fruity Pebbles 

Hello there. I see you got the Fruity Pebbles page blocked with your incessant whining and complaining. Unfortunately now the information regarding Mr Reynolds and his Fruity Pebbles Fan Club can not be added. This is very sad. Perhaps you should kiss some butt and get it reinstated, eh? You know it makes sense.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by  (talk • contribs)  "
"Kurt and Dave get it on?==

Groaning Kurt released his cock. For the past week he hadn't been able to get off. He tried a cocktail of drugs and a cocktail of whores. Nothing was doing it for him. Masturbating in the shower wasn't even working. Oh he was getting hard all right, he just couldn't fucking cum. And it was driving him nuts.

To top it off, he didn't know why he couldn't cum. The girls had been either hot enough or slutty enough. Even the couple of guys he brought home had been decent. Despite that, he couldn't fucking cum. And a week of that was enough to make anyone more pissy than normal.

Which meant band practice was unlikely to be much fun for anyone.

That was made abundantly clear the moment Kurt stepped into the rehearsal studio. His eyes flicked from Krist to Dave and he came to a sudden stop. Dave was sitting on a couch, a pretty girl in his lap giggling. It was like he was taunting Kurt. And he would have nothing of that.

Stalking over to the drummer and the floozie, Kurt pulled her forcibly out of his lap. The girl squealed and Dave growled, but Kurt paid no attention, forcing the girl out of the studio. After slamming the door he headed back over to Dave. Without a word he pulled the drummer to him and kissed him possessively.

Dave shoved Kurt away, ""What part of no don't you fucking understand!?""

Krist's eyes widened and he took a step forward, ""Guys, I think—""

Kurt sent him a silent glare, silencing and stopping him.

""I don't want you, Kurt. I don't even fucking like you right now,"" Dave growled. ""In fact, I fucking quit! I don't have to put up with this shit. You're fucking insane. You need some other crackwhore to take my place. I'm not it.""

Sidestepping the singer, Dave headed towards the door. He barely made three steps before Kurt grabbed him again. This time his back was pulled to Kurt's front. He could clearly feel the singer's erection pressing into his ass.

He wasn't going to be anyone's bitch.

""I'm just gonna... go,"" Krist muttered before slipping out of the room quickly.

""You're fucking mine, Dave,"" Kurt declared, licking Dave's neck. ""Always.""

For as small as he was, Kurt had more strength than Dave expected. With considerably less effort than he would have figured, the singer forced the drummer down to the floor. Dave wiggled and tried to crawl away, but all that resulted was in Kurt pulling the drummer's pants off.

Laying down on top of Dave while he worked his own pants off, Kurt hissed in his ear, ""You're mine. You hear me? Fucking mine.""

""Stop! Kurt, stop!"" Dave struggled.

With Kurt's weight on him, the drummer had very little maneuverability. He was completely trapped. But that didn't mean he stopped trying to get away. While wholly his struggling was probably a good thing, it wasn't really helping. If anything it was turning Kurt on more.

Not having the patience to remove Dave's boxers, Kurt reached down and tore the back seam, exposing the drummer's ass. He didn't even pause to warn Dave. His hands spread Dave's cheeks, spit down his crack to provide some lubrication, and quickly pushed his cock in. Dave screamed, wiggling once more to get away. With Kurt's hands holding onto his hips, he had no chance to go anywhere, at least not until the singer was done.

Dave's screams faded into sobs. That alone drove Kurt further, faster. He loved everything about it. The way Dave's ass squeezed his cock better than anyone else's had before. He was a perfect glove, a perfect fit. Before too long a week's worth of unreleased cum spurted from Kurt's cock.

Slowly he pulled out, not really caring about the mixture of blood and semen leaking from Dave's ass. Grinning to himself he refastened his pants. He glanced at Dave, a feeling of superiority infusing him. He totally owned Dave now. 

Does anyone have any basis for this rumour? I would love to put it on the main page.  
Um... No. Just no. Did you pull that out of some dirty sex novel or what? Talk 

Reverted undo; suspected vandalism  
=="
User:Abd is muslim cr@p
"== WikiCup 2013 January newsletter ==

Signups are now closed; we have our final 127 contestants for this year's competition. 64 contestants will make it to the next round at the end of February, but we're already seeing strong scoring compared to previous years.  currently leads, with 358 points. At this stage in 2012, the leader () had 342 points, while in 2011, the leader had 228 points. We also have a large number of scorers when compared with this stage in previous years.  was the first competitor to score this year, as he was last year, with a detailed good article review. Some other firsts:
 was also the first to score for an article, with the good article Hurricane Gordon (2000). Again, this is a repeat of last year!
 was the first to score for a did you know, with Marquis Flowers.
 was the first to score for an in the news, with 2013 Houphouët-Boigny stampede.
 was the first to score for a featured list, with list of Billboard Social 50 number-one artists.
 was the first to score for a featured picture, with File:Thure de Thulstrup - L. Prang and Co. - Battle of Gettysburg - Restoration by Adam Cuerden.jpg.

Featured articles, portals and topics, as well as good topics, are yet to feature in the competition.

This year, the bonus points system has been reworked, with bonus points on offer for old articles prepared for did you know, and ""multiplier"" points reworked to become more linear. For details, please see Wikipedia:WikiCup/Scoring. There have been some teething problems as the bot has worked its way around the new system, but issues should mostly be ironed out- please report any problems to the WikiCup talk page. Here are some participants worthy of note with regards to the bonus points:

 was the first to score bonus points, with Portland-class cruiser, a good article.
 has the highest overall bonus points, as well as the highest scoring article, thanks to his work on Enrico Fermi, now a good article. The biography of such a significant figure to the history of science warrants nearly five times the normal score.
 claimed bonus points for René Vautier and Nicolas de Fer, articles that did not exist on the English Wikipedia at the start of the year; a first for the WikiCup. The articles were eligible for bonus points because of fact they were both covered on a number of other Wikipedias.

Also, a quick mention of , who may well have already written the oddest article of the WikiCup this year: did you know that the Fucking mayor objected to Fucking Hell on the grounds that there was no Fucking brewery? The gauntlet has been thrown down; can anyone beat it?

If you are concerned that your nomination—whether it is at good article candidates, a featured process, or anywhere else—will not receive the necessary reviews, please list it on Wikipedia:WikiCup/Reviews. Questions are welcome on Wikipedia talk:WikiCup, and the judges are reachable on their talk pages or by email. Good luck! If you wish to start or stop receiving this newsletter, please feel free to add or remove yourself from Wikipedia:WikiCup/Newsletter/Send.  (talk • email) and  (talk • email) 

 February 2013 Wikification Drive 

Hi there! I thought you might be interested in WikiProject Wikify's February Wikification Backlog Elimination Drive. We'll be trying to reduce the backlog size by over 500 articles and we need your help! Hard-working participants in the drive will receive awards for their contributions. If you have a spare moment, please join and wikify an article or tell your friends. Thanks!

Hello
{| style=""border: 1px solid gray; background-color: #fdffe7;""
|rowspan=""2"" valign=""middle"" | 
|rowspan=""2"" |
|style=""font-size: x-l
Wow 

December 2007
 Please do not attack other editors, which you did here: User talk:Snowolf. If you continue, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia. Snowolf How can I help? 

sorry did i hurt your feelings whiny bitch
boy! 

no more wink-wank from the stink-stank! 77.184.28.171
User messages. 

I guess you missed the part where I said I have ZERO interest in what you or anyone else has to say. Yet you left a message anyway. Also, I'm mortally allergic to cats. Piss off.
Amen my sock-pupinski brother!! Hack-a-long: please leave my links and quit being a mini-dictator! ThANKS!
What a deceptive little creature you are indeed. Assuming good faith - eh? You deliberately scrubbed that because it sheds a little light on where all these race hygiene theories originated from - from your dear little country, that's where. That doesn't fit well with you, does it? So you want to create the perception to your readers that I AM THE CRANK and CONSPIRACY THEORIST, when Wikipedia's own article on Henry Ford includes that stuff about the Protocols of Zion as well.84.28.82.149
YAWN!!     The above COMMENT is a quote from McNeight!!!  AND yet HE still insistes on adding that damn 'preceeding unsigned.....yada...yada'  What a RUDE and obnoxious individual.
More Hate speech against Christians - typical for Wakopedia
Man, you are another wikitard aren't you.  What pusses.
"
@ - Please ask this vindictive person who drove me away from editing Wikipedia on question: ""Local"" consensus by who? The (very) small number of people who actually drove me away from editing this article? I have not edited Wikipedia for over a month, and ALL my previous edits to the ""article"" were supported by reliable sources without violating policy not once. I also fixed problems that no one else knew how to fix.  Anyway, let him enjoy his life behind a computer screen.  I will not be sucked into this matter once again... Now, they're doing the same to , a good editor. I am no longer interested in editing Wikipedia at all!...   "
"

Like I said, I thought you had quit and had a pathetic hissy fit. In fact you did. In fact take some advice, free of charge. Next time you throw a hissy fit and flounce of in a petulant, childish, huff try going for longer than a couple of days. It just looks so unseemly otherwise. Like it was an ego trip to get a few people to say ""don't leave, we need you"" and massage an otherwise fragile ego. Also suggest you read the link you referred to yourself as it does seem rather fitting for you   "
A.K.D.A.H.N why do u keep blockin me for no reason im givin complimints.............................................................................
", 15 August 2013 (UTC)
How can you write such putrid filth without taking a shower afterwards?! You insist on ignoring conclusive archaeological evidence (Cyrus Cylinder), continue to talk out of both sides of your mouth and, ridiculously enough, can't do simple arithmetic! Seriously, do us all a favor and take a powder! talk 01:05"
In all seriousness do you enjoy removing vandalism or do you think users should be obliged to register or something? It's not like banning really does much to stop the determined timewaster, does it? If I end this post with a swear word will you ban me? If I don't, will you not? beefcurtains
"

Sorry for the language, but it busts my bridges and burns my soul when controlling sysop wannabees like ""MoeRON"" go around removing other people's work. The wiki is so full of junk its unbelievable, compared to all that One More Sat Night is a good page that can get better and there's no reason for him to take off after it. Youre right about Playing, I was wrong there but I'm right about everything else. ~~~~"
There you go that is some Tanjug type of explanation, or explanation found in the pamphlets of Serbian socialist or radical party. Horrible.
must be queer yourself to care about it.  Jun 14
What personal attacks, whoever changed it back did only half the job, which is why I say it was done lazy. When it comes to stupidity, I am sorry, you are a stupid fool if you think New Mexico Terrirory and Confederate Arizona were the same country.
"

 Jimmy Wales used to make money from Pornography..... And NOW he has WP ""editors"" working for him as Personal Pimps to propogate WikiPornography... 

Jimmy Wales used to make money from Pornography. And nothing has changed much. Now he has got WP ""editors"" working as a Personal Pimp for him to PROSITUTE the World-Wide-Web with WikiPornography. As far as, WP guidelines are concerned, all the WP ""editors"" can shove them up in their ass and quack all over the world-wide-web. WP guidelines are NOTHING but Poopy Toilet Papers which most of these ""editors"" use to pursue their agenda.   "
to a convicted felon
" Just look at this total self-centered idiot posing in a photo booth - ""I'm a marine, a hard guy, and an intellectual. I can juggle plates on my Johnson, I can do anything."" Total sad guy. How self obsessed can you get? "
"
If it helps, the insult was directed at you, the other fellow who agreed to remove the images, and a large percentage of the editors at Wikipedia, who spend more time citing rules than actually making substantial contributions. There is nothing warped about my view.  I am no more ""stealing"" images than the IGN or Gamespot or 1UP article that does the same thing.  Even Sega itself would not complain about the use of these images in this way, as the article only promotes their product.  But the editors here are so busy trying to lord over eachother in some attempt to compensate for the utter lack of real power in their otherwise (i.e. outside of WP) meaningless basement-lurking loser lives.  Does that clear it up for you?  Or do I need to throw the word douche around a couple of times?  Now go ahead, act on your impulse to cite for me some WP rule about civility.  Zut Zut!  Invasion!  My sensibilities have been TEH threatened.  Idiots.  —''''''T C W "
Hmm.. So I am arguing with delusional people, after all.
hello 

I would like to draw your attention to the fact you are a worthless tosser who has no life and would be better of dead with maggots infesting your cranial cavity. Would be the first time anything living would be in there.
-Aubrey's #1 fan

Wow guy, don't get so worked up, you might hit puberty too soon with all that rage! Get off my page
"Oh my god!! You did this much vandalism?! 777 

"
'What makes you think I give a fuck about your political leanings?' - er, you questioned them by saying 'this user seems to be on a campaign trial on behalf of UKIP'
Why is it non-notable trivia? Why did the media cover it then? 
Why is it a 'drive-by' to add sourced material to the article? Is this article yours? 
How does it having nothing to do with Brady when he himself made the comments?
Why couldn't you just be decent about it? Why all the swearing and accusations?
Article Sucks 

The article is extremely wordy, has poor structure, duplicates in excessive depth topics covered in other articles, has many unreliable sources, suffers from much agenda pushing, and is currently owned by a few editors who regularly pat themselves on the back. I repaiered many of the above things but much more needs to be done. Some will appreciate that especially readers. If some ignoramus wants to make it excessively wordy again remember this. Readers will not read it if it is to long and confusing. So what is the point of that? 172.56.11.104
"

 Curious as to why you want to be a busybody with me 
I am curious as to why you want to be a busybody with me - I've noticed you following me around before.  For example, in the entries for Michel David-Weill (whom I am sure you know nothing about) and Edouard Stern (whom I am also sure you know nothing about), I made minor edits yet you reversed them for being ""uncited"" . . . . . even though the entire bios are totally uncited.  What's your beef?  Why don't you delete the entire article?  I know the subject matter, you don't.  It has something to do with me - you desire some sort of association with me - I feel as if I am being stalked - normally stalking is done by the opposite sex, but in this case you're a man chasing a man.  I had another Wiki administrator do this, and on his home page he admits that he is a ""flaming homosexual"".  Don't tell me you too."
Why are you guys reverting my edits? Im trying to cooperate with a picture of a native cherokee wedding and you revert it, i dont understand. How about some workout fatty.
I quit. Wikipedia is full of rude and mean editors that do everything they can to make new editors hate this site. I don't understand why they do this, but they do. One last time, here's a photo of Forbes Field that is illegal to have on a user site. Big whoop. I'm done!  

 - Home of the Pirates.]]
 - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]] - Home of the Pirates.]]
Geniac is an assole and a mom fuker..
YOURE SAD 

I love how people on here think that by editing wikipedia their changing the world and that their important when the truth is their all sad 20 year olds who get off on telling people what to do. DUDE go outside Theres this thing called um EARTH you live on it. theres real space not just cyberspace. Stop jacking off FEGGET.
"
This really does have nothing to do with the AfD. I'm not calling you an idiot at all, I'm describing your behaviour as immoral. You were attempting to take credit for the whole article by listing only your name, not the user that actually started the article (being me), and that is not fair, it's just plain rude. If my memory serves me correct you initially wanted the article ""speedy deleted"".. and then claim to expand it (which you didn't majorly, only copy-edited, and added a few stuff). Your ""after expanding it"" comment pretty much ignored all the contributions and hard work I put in the article, spending the entire night finding sources to add so it would not be deleted. Now, what you should have said is ""after the article has been expanded"" or along that line. If you intend to act like this then maybe you shouldn't be allowed to use Wikipedia. And btw, I never said the article was mine. I just don't want my contributions to be denied or go unrecognised. But like you said, drop it.   "
if you want to leave the article a bunch of lies , controlled by a child. okay . you better be able to prove what you say. it is not vandalising when i correct lies. you better contact someone who knows the truth before printing lies. there was never a porsche motor in a yugo, etc. i guess this 13 year old knows more about cars than i do.
WHAT THE HELL ARE HOPE STILL DOING IN THE COMPETITION?!?! It's so obvious that the public don't like them because they've been in the bottom two three times now. It doesn't matter how bloody good you are, if no-one likes you then no-one's gonna buy your singles! Beverly sounded a lot worse over the TV than what the judges were hearing — they loved her performance when it sounded terrible from where I was sitting. On a firmly positive note, Same Difference were seriously good tonight! I have finally been won-over by those two because they actually delivered a decent vocal performace rather than larked around with props on stage. Rhydian was so-so tonight in my opinion; he can do a lot better than that because his performance wasn't original. Niki as well lost it halfway through her song and it sounded rough. I'm starting to like Leon a lot now. He's a better jazz-singer than a pop singer, hopefully we won't have another Ray Quinn on our hands! I've got to say though, I loved the whole deadlock thing, it was so dramatic and the suspense was way better than the normal voting.
"

""only exclusive...blah blah..."" sorry but that is not encyclopedic and i am removing it thanks"
u got a problem? commie
Whats up Homo 

) love the work your doing for the wikipedia community
A Threat To Society

Those who take part in this mess are they themselves a threat to society.  Any site that tells a man how to kill himself is a traitor.
"
Ok, ya I did that twice in the last few days, it takes more than someone calling me a ""faggot ass queer"" to upset me. The best would be if users gave 1 warning to the vandals and then they were blocked right away. Thanks for the help!  chat "
Blind as bats 

Not one of you has seen what I have done to this page. Obviously you rely on some form of program to revert vandalism and not your own eyes.
uuuuummmm i just wanted to say ur probly about the gayest person alive.

 queer
"

 Cunt and ""7 Dirty Words"" 

Is the word really ""taboo"" generally or just on networked stations? I ask because there are sourced examples of both networked and PBS in the article, although admittedly not common. Some reference to FCC(?) broadcasting standards might be useful in clarifying the exact position. Cheers. andemu "
Reply
Why dont you visit hell where you belong?
YEA TO MY BOY
YEA ANTONIE U DA MAN DAWG!
R.I.P. BRUDDA!!!!!
Right, now bugger off, buggery bugger.
(UTC)
This disgusting coal burner got what she deserved. I hope this whole incident discourages other white prostitutes from consorting with apes. 96.48.13.234  00:03, 30 August 2010
Hello 

How are you?

Have you had sexual relations with any black men recently?
Give me a break. I'm calling a pedophile a pedophile and you're saying there are no laws against it? I would suggest you do the same and make out with a 13-year old girl to test the law but that's revolting and hope that you don't and cannot fathom your defense of this. Yes, child molesters are pedophiles and those who are committing this crime are pedophiles. You're...I just don't have words for someone like you defending pedophiles on MY talk page. GTFO.
position abuse 

you abuse you position and block people like me wo tell the truth. Shame.
"

Wooohhh you are the MAN!! Damn, I thought I was gonna have to do it all by myself. As I told you before, you have a black-magic touch to find those things in the 'net. I spent the whole day yesterday, and copuldn't find anything. Hey I want to improve the article as much as possible, to nominate it for FL. Just let me know anything ok.    Spit it Out! "
My personal attack on you 

Yeah you-I am personally attacking you-regarding the fact that you are ruining Wikipedia with nonsense! ~~TheBlackLarl
GOTH FOREVER! 
Goth forever
Article reorganization 

There is a confusion between the different definitions of heterosexuality.  I think this article should be worded more like the homosexuality article, which distinguishes between homosexual orientation and same-sex relationships.  Likewise, there needs to be a distinction between people with a heterosexual orientation and people who have sexual relationships with people of the opposite gender.  I think if we reorganize the page like the homosexual page this distinction would be more clear.  For example, it would make clear that reproduction results from heterosexual sex, not from a heterosexual orientation.  On the other hand, the causality section is mostly about the development of a heterosexual orientation.  That crucial element isn't clear. I am going to start reorganizing it like the homosexuality page.
"Hang on a minute, scobey. I'm Irish. I'd just like to confirm that Dáil Éireann is bursting at the seams to proclaim Ireland as part of this ""British Isles"" thingmebobs. At this very moment Irish politicians from Jackie Healy-Rae to Brian Cowen are on the verge of requesting that Ireland be allowed join the British Empire - oops, the British Commonwealth. We, the Irish people, are just absolutely gagging to be British. Feck Tom Barry, Dan Breen, Seán Tracy, Pádraig Mac Piarais, Michael Collins and the very, very many others who stood up against the largest empire in the world. We, the Irish people, are just on the verge of crawling on our knees to the English Crown and liberating ourselves by proclaiming all the dead Irish who died for our freedom as traitors and the British as our freedom fighters. We've withstood Humphrey Gilbert, Oliver Cromwell and the Black and Tans but now we are about to cave in - just now. Get a fucking grip, lads: get a fucking grip. Even for Brits, you are thick as two planks about who the Irish people are and what they feel towards the ""civilising"" British. No change there, then. Censor this, but it does not mean that these views stop to exist or that you British, by your primacy on this board, legitimise your own views by denying the Irish theirs. Ireland will be free, and the British will go back to Britain.   

"
Cultist hacker, I put the source information in when I uploaded the picture. Perhaps you have personally deleted that source information, being the manipulate buggers that you are? Your excuses are just that. The picture is a scan of the original passport photograph of Subh-i-Azal which E.G. Browne reproduced in Materials for the Study of the Babi Religion''''''. Go take a look, schmuck!
get a life, pitiful gook. what a slime
.
I am a loser and I need your help to get a life
(UTC)
Well thats bullshit who do call them pro, NCAA teams dont pay their players with money, but they do it with other stuff like cars and boats ect. I know this is a comment on something 3 years old but yeah lol.72.138.216.89  20:39, 5 May 2008
typical female silliness 

to create articles about their women. nobody cares.
I agree, Its definitely Metal. People are just bitchy about the fact that it isn't conformist metal like all the other bands. Creativity is a bad things in the eyes of a lot of people. I don't know what causes people to bitch about this genre so much, jealousy? Somebody give me an answer cuz I got nothin. In my opinion, NU Metal is one of the best things to ever happen to music.75.139.103.133
"
 Wikipedia is just the latest casualty to ""O'Sullivan's Law""; and the double-standards and oily patrician-like attitudes of some admins are blatant. I expect the whole place to be thoroughly dhimmi within a year  what else is possible from a ""tragedy of the commons"" train-wreck built on a premise that a jihadist jackasshole stands on equal-footing to a studious researcher? The ""fix"" is already in with ""anonymous editor"" and his Islamist buddies Yuber & Co.  "
what is up with you editing all this less than jake crap?
Nay, I change my user account. I know that many admins are playing me for a sucker now. That's sport.
Allegations from cultists and angry China-haters should be dismissed as rubbish, not investigated.
"
 How completely dull. Yet another example of how excessive rules supercede common sense and plain good taste.  Any well-formatted article on this same subject would undoubtedly feature the box-art from each game, or a screenshot.  Oh well, leave it to the e-cock strokers of Wikipedia to drain me of all interest in contributing.  I concede.  You win.  Congrats. Stroke on.—''''''T C W "
"

Lol, I was thinking to myself, ""What's the most childish thing a person could do in this situation?  Maybe pretend like it was the last comment that was the final seal on the block?""  You disgust me.   (talk | contribs) "
love to shag horses. They are well fit. Donkeys are fit too. Reply
And why did Eric ask you to be his meatpuppet again? Is he paying you to do this?
Don't threaten  me, I don't respond kindly to threats from overinflated doughboys.
. Wine Guy also loves to have pedotastic orgies with infant boys
This bot is seriously driving us crazy
This image exists, I must kill it!
with my finger up my nose, just messin'!
Get out my talk page you smelling wog!
Go on, have me blocked. It won't change anything. You're a shill and a gamer WP:GAME.
"

 Uh I hate to break it to you but Jusdafax is not an administrator, can't block you, and most importantly shouldn't be making threats s/he can't carry out especially considering no real admin would give a damn about any of this.  How rich!  (talk) ✄ ✄ ✄TAB "
mamas boy mamas boy mamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boy mamas boy mamas boy mamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boy mamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas boymamas boy mamas
P ==

 E 

 N 

 I 

 S 

==
Hasmens
Dr.K I think your ridiculous remarks to me prove that I have been wasting my time especially calling me a troll proves to me how immature you are. You are in a very wrong place maybe someday you will find your way. Dr.K you need to see a real Dr.
(~): He is head of bean scouts
Gareth Hughes is nothing more than a anti-semite. He hates Assyrians and is worse then Hitler... At least Hitler accepted jews existed, Gareth Hughes is trying to destroy the Assyrian existence. And wikipedia allows this. What a disgrace. Anti-semites!
Autism
This user is believed to be a highly functioning autist with severe mental retardation.
Hit 3 times for the same crime 

so I get 2 warnings and a block for the second time I called out a VANDAL. 

If the idiots weren't constantly vandalizing articles, removing factual information on a whim, none of this would be taking place. As I said elsewhere, wikipedia has gotten a very bad reputation so just such whimsical reverting as the two idiots were constantly doing. 

And going by the things I've read about all of you, no doubt you'll now block me from posting even on my own page. 

Either re-instate me or block the two idiots as well. No matter what, I EXPECT someone to have a talk with those two about vandalizing other people's factual information.

99.139.224.87
aha, the Bengal famine of 1943 article seems rather balanced on this. It appears the British did f*ck up logistically, while holding on with their fingernails to the war effort, but no evil negligence is implied.  (ᛏ)
What's the argument for not including moshzilla? Because someone simply doesn't WANT her included? TOO BAD, ITS ALL OVER INTERNET AND  THIS IS A FREE ENCYCLOPEDIA. We dont censor articles right  Lilithborne, u submissive fag???
Non Treaty Chippewa Indians
I pity you white cowards. I am going through this sick cowardly conspiracy only to have a coward intrude to stop the truth from being known. You whites are so determined and proud to prove you are even bigger cowards. I feel great sorrow for your race for you have not a bit of courage. I strongly adivse you to be strong emotionally for it will improve your outlook on cooperating. Go ahead and resort to the cowards way and delete my page (Non Treaty Chippewa Indians).

If an entity looking out for the future of Native Americans is involved, i hope they kill you and those close to you, in the most gruesome of manners. Where is your courage? Bring forth your courage by deleting my page (Non Treaty Chippewa Indians). That will prove you have the courage to accept the inevitable which will occur from conducting one's self in a crooked manner. You do not get away with abusing power. Those who abuse power always face a fate caused by their crooked actions. You have no right intruding. Intruders are criminals. You know what happens to criminals who intrude. Incredible numbers of innocent people end up killed.
"Just face the truth: you can't escape it!==
User:Arilang1234 didn't edit your foul, slimy racist template, you loser. I suggest that YOU stop pretending that Manchus are ethnically Chinese. How about YOU face the undeniable truth?

And how about YOU stop making false accusations about other users?   

Following the blocking of the above user, I am very surprised that you haven't been blocked from editing Wikipedia as well given that your Manchu ethnicity template itself (as created by you) is also a blatant violation of Wikipedia policy. 96.9.180.213  

Barnstar
  The Monkey's Barnstar For pushing forward fringe views on Wikipedia, especially your foul, slimy, racist view that Manchus are ethnically Chinese. You have proven yourself to be more barbaric than this monkey. Here's a banana.

Congratulations for acting like a monkey!
Wow, so you have managed to earn The Monkey's Barnstar. You must be highly barbaric then. 209.162.35.64  

Stop making false accusations
Congratulations for calling User 77.182.67.105 the ""h word"". Well I have news for you: User 77.182.67.105 is not ethnically Chinese. So just face the truth and stop name-calling, you racist Manchu! Otherwise, I will get my meatpuppets to stop you in your tracks!   

=="
Stay away 

Please do not write on my user talk page any more. I find your pederast life style very upsetting and disgusting. Writing on my talk page about it causes me to vomit.
"
Keep your thieving aussie hands of my nomination DHMO )    Chat   "
This is stupid, but if you'll just let yourself stay blocked until it's sorted out it will be better: both for you and for Wikipedia. Please let me handle this. Trust me on this one, my fellow Mediator?  01:23, August 7, 2005 (UTC)
"

Enclyclopedia ... heh ... 
This is an editorial not an article. The editorialist who crafted this obviously thinks that Chinaman is an insulting term.  It sort of reminds me of the black people who were offended by the term ""niggardly"".  Your ignorance does not make a term offensive.  But what the hey.  You're having fun ..."
)

Sorry about the inconvient vandalism. I thought that you might enjoy a Lil' Jon parody though. Sorry again! 05:17, 5 June 2007 (UTC
, block me for two years if you want, but that's not the point. The point is the some nerd reverted all my edits on a silly basis.89.205.38.27
YOU ARE A NO GOOD PHONEY

ALL YOUR ARTICLES ARE COVERT PRo-ISRAELI POV. THOSE EDITORS ARE 100% RIGHT. 

I SEE YOUR EDITS AND YOUR LIES AND I AM GOING TO REPORT YOU. JUST TO LET YOU KNOW ISRAEL HAS A WORST HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD THAN IRAN. ISRAEL IS AN ILLICIT STATE AND THE FOUNDERS OF ISRAEL ARE TERRORISTS. WHEN ASKED ABOUT ISRAEL, RETIRED BRITISH SERVICEMEN SAID THEY WISH THEY KILLED THE ISRAELIS...BY THE WAY THE FOUNDERS OF ISRAEL WAGED TERRORIST CAMPAIGNS AGAINST THE BRITISH, CIVILIANS TOO. WHY DON'T YOU GO EDIT THOSE ARTICLES AND MAKE THE WORLD KNOW ABOUT WHAT ISRAEL IS TRYING TO HIDE.
WE'RE NOT NEW ENGLANDERS. WE'RE NEW YORKERS. SUBURBAN NEW YORKERS. WE HAVE NO GODDAMN REASON TO ROOT FOR THE BOSTON TEAMS. Everyone who roots for Boston in Fairfield County is a TRAITOR to their local teams and should go back to Boston. Or Eastern CT which PRETENDS to be Boston.

Its 95% Yankees/Mets fans.
WOT is Web of Trust, have u seen the 12 or 20 links that are on there, my god, none of them are abotu WOT and whats even worse is, 1 of them is a broken link and comes up with 404.  I merely called him gay because he was a vandal, and I'm trying to fight vandals.4.244.36.149
DON'T COME TO MY ARTICLE TELLING ME TO DISCUSS 
Don't come to my article telling me to discuss anything. When there was an issue with length from before, I happily and very civilly discussed with you. I just logged in and saw that an entire section had been removed without THIS OTHER USER being told to first discuss. AND STOP FOLLOWING ME ALL OVER THIS DAMN WEBSITE BEFORE I FILE A COMPLAINT ON YOU. For the last several months, you have been following me all about Wikipedia and I am sick and tired of it.
yes!! ==

That's right TW hero! What you ain't got no woman to take care of instead of reverting vandalism on obscure wiki pages? ARE YOU A LOSER (seriously)??
How are you MudkipsPlz? Or should I call you CHIX0R? Or do you like Angel-of-Losers better?
What what what?! 

Not for long we don't!  You! - Crank dat Soulja
lol, you can take a joke standing up! His breasts are just so cuddly aren't they? Just like a large womans when your stuck in a barn some night and its freezing outside... Imagine cuddling up to them! 83.71.9.119
Most crippling surge of vandalism? Crippling vandalism doesn't exist on wikipedia. There is the revert, and the protection. Shut up.
Random person: Watch out, if you think this vandalism is bad, look at your house in about 2 hours, fatboy.
"

 Keep kicking those vandals into outer orbit! 

  Thanks for warning about vandalism! Munch this delicious treat! Keep kicking those vandals into outer orbit! I'll send you a condom just message me!   "
death to the infidel 

whoever that may be
hey?? 

r u a real person or r u a robot? my friend dat is right next 2 me says u r a robot
What is you Problem Are You a Disabled Human or ???
Please What is your Problem? You do not no anything About the British Rapper NOT Yankee Rapper Tinchy Stryder! if you have a problem with my Article why don't you take it to the the Article Tinchy Stryder Discussion page instead of just coming to try and piss me off. What has made you come to the Article of Tinchy Stryder? as I Know you have no interest nor Knowledge of this rapper so why? Please for the love of Mankind and Planet Earth leave my Articles Alone! You ABOMINATION OF A WIKIPEDIA EDITER & ADMINISTRATOR!!!, Amen. Markmysoe (Talk).
I think its a great idea - an bigD sounds like an asshole
c o b a l t b l u e t o n y = Eunuch
"

This is Not a Popularity Contest.  This is About being HISTORICALLY ACCURATE and if you REALLY BELIVE THERE WAS NO BLOOD spilled during the Indian Removal that you are eaither ignorant, uneducated, uncaring, disrespectful or all the above? Since Wiki is predjudice on what ""they"" choose to use as reliable sources, please reference

1.) http://books.google.com/books?id=SP8WAQAAMAAJ&q;=Trail+of+blood+and+tears+%2B+native+american&dq;=Trail+of+blood+and+tears+%2B+native+american&hl;=en&ei;=Dq6CTv3GHtK3tgepoMDeBw&sa;=X&oi;=book_result&ct;=result&resnum;=8&sqi;=2&ved;=0CFUQ6AEwBw

2.) http://www.google.com/search?tbm=bks&tbo;=1&q;=Trail+of+blood+and+tears+%2B+native+american&btnG;=#sclient=psy-ab&hl;=en&tbo;=1&tbm;=bks&source;=hp&q;=%22Trail+of+blood+and+tears%22&pbx;=1&oq;=%22Trail+of+blood+and+tears%22&aq;=f&aqi;=&aql;=1&gs;_sm=e&gs;_upl=21216l21700l5l22370l2l2l0l0l0l0l203l312l0.1.1l2l0&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.&fp;=2ba85e9b8f16205f&biw;=1112&bih;=545

3.) http://www.google.com/search?tbm=bks&tbo;=1&q;=Trail+of+blood+and+tears+%2B+native+american&btnG;=#sclient=psy-ab&hl;=en&tbo;=1&tbm;=bks&source;=hp&q;=%22Trail+of+blood+and+tears%22+cherokee&pbx;=1&oq;=%22Trail+of+blood+and+tears%22+cherokee&aq;=f&aqi;=&aql;=1&gs;_sm=e&gs;_upl=28189l30279l6l30482l9l9l1l0l0l0l202l937l1.5.1l8l0&fp;=1&biw;=1112&bih;=545&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.&cad;=b

71.228.80.4  "
"

WTF again, clearly u dont know how to speak or type english. Your links keep getting deleted for the reasons stated above, i dont know how we could make it any clearer. Your site is CRAP, its unreferenced, unreliable, unreviewed and well just plain childs work. Your website is one of thousands of bias websites and you have more then likely copied the information from another website. Pro "
Well, Smallboy ... why don't you try doing proper research? In stead of circular references to your own Wiki pages based on press releases ,which in turn come from earlier versions of the same Wiki page .. and so on.

You are pompous, self-important oaf  of limited intelligence and no doubt to complete the stereotype, are almost certainly, weak, ineffectual and effeminate in the real world.

Must make you a real hit with the ladies, eh?
 
Later, loser.
"

By her logic you can be a serial killer and lynch black people and still go to heaven as long as you admit you're a ""sinner"" but someone like Gandhi or the Buddha is straight to hell! Great theology folks!!"
Hey

Who do you think you are dude. Don't tell me what to do, and how I should do it mind your own business. Melina is now a member of Smackdown. She was drafted tonight on Raw.
I've found the cure 
the cure for gay peole is ...
The two ugly sisters have landed.  Get lost you two.  Got harass someone else.
Roisterer is a prime example of why this place is so badly regarded.  If roisterer knows the above what is his source or is he just guessing?  Maybe he is having delusions.  Its good other Internet sites are setting up in opposition to you lot and they will do heap sbetter as they dont have the problems wik or its admins seem to have.  I have to say in the many years I have been online I have never run into such an ignornat rats nest as what I have seen here.  You mak emultiple errors, can't interpret what u read so then go and put up rubbish and display a very low level of intelligence and interpersonal skills.  You are a disgrace to humanity and some are racist to boot which this nation does not need.
I'm a Jew, so I don't believe in hell, but thanks for playing.
I reckon I stand behind .  Fred Phelps would NEVER stand behind or in front of , as he is homophobic.
ytmnd 

have you ever heard of killing yourself on your birthday? its like that. why dont you whois ytmnd and tell me what you see.
Plank 

Why don't you have an article on Plank from EEnE?
It's just not fair!
AND IF YOU DO NOT HAVE AN ARTICLE ON PLANK BY JULY 24TH,
I AM GOING TO KILL THE FOUNDER OF WIKIPEDIA.COM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
friends 

I and Jxy are two damned friends who use the same damned computer! Take it easy! Ciao,
"When Akkadians migrated from the Arabian peninsula, the name ""Arab"", did not even exist. Get this through your thick head. "
You are insulting me and criticizing all of my edits. You are the one who needs to be blocked. From life.
This user is deaf discriminator, facist, and racist
"

 You Agin Deleted My Post On Craig Mcewan, I Will Again Put It On Your Page In The Hope That You Learn From Your Mistakes, I Would hve Taken An Apology But You Have Bypassed that Road Now, Apple etc ) 

Craig ""Brown"" Mcewan (Album) Craig ""Brown"" Mcewan Born In The Year Of 1991, The Year Of The Brown? I Think So, Born In Browtown USA He Is Widely Regarded As The One Man Banter Machine,He Collaberated With Timmy Mallet And Enya In Order To Create this Unreleased Untraceable Album, And With Only One Copy Wikipedia Cannot Trace The Existence Of This ALbum So Therefore Cannot Prove Its Unexistence And Therefore Cannot Delete This Page, He Can Regularly Be Seen Pumping His Fists In Joy, He Also Enjoys The Simple Things In Life Such As Long Walks On The Beach, Glowing Sunsets,A Nice Glass Of Port, And Also When Mike Wears Tight T-shirts Into College To Which He Remarks On With Joy And A Glint In His Eye,He Can Regularly Be Found Volunteering At Old Peoples Homes In Order To Take Part In Some ""Extracurriculur"" Activity, When He's Not At The OAP's Home He Can Regularly Be Found Helping the Oldies Accross The Street, Sometimes Even If They Don't Need It,He Loves To Pump Iron And is Hoping To Take Part in Next Years Worlds Strongest Man Competition,He Says He Owes All His Strength To His Love Of ""Chezzy Coke"" And is Very Rarely Seen Without A Can Of The Said Product In His Grasp, His Hair Is The Hair Of The Gods, He Was Born With Hair As It Is Today, It Does Not Grow,It Does Not Need To Be Washed,It Does Not Get Cut,It Is Completely Self Sustaining, He Regularly Takes Part In Generic Bolognese Sauce Days In Which He Will Leave College Early In Order To Indulge On His Love For Generic Bolognese Sauce,His Claim To Fame Is The Invention Of The ""Brown Noise"" Which Was A Natural Occurence From Craig ""Brown"" Mcewan After He ""Discharged"",He Hopes To Campaign For Prime Minister In The Next General Election Under The ""Brown"" Party And Hopes To Get The ""Brown"" Movement Going Soon,So Heres To Craig ""Brown"" Mcewan, WE SALUTE YOU!!!, YOU TRULY ARE A GOD AMONGST MEN!!!"
"

 ""removing thugstep. you've already had this explained to you"" 
One more of those 'you've already had this explained to you' tries and you'll get told about. If you suggest a thing to Thugstep article do a thing if you fucking dislike thugstep that shouldn't be a deal for wikipedia  86.57.254.215  "
Would you believe it.. This frenchie threatens to ban me because I talk badly upon Foie Gras. I already said once that this page is protected by lobbyists. That includes frog eaters.
"

Neither you nor I are experts in the article subject matter (least squares spectral analysis). But I cited 2 references that literally say ""trigonometric functions"", while your references all refer to another method (Fourier analysis) you freely interpret as to make it sound they refer to the article subject matter, though it is obvious they do not (in your mind, as you claimed it explicitly, Fourier analysis is still the same as least-squares spectral analysis, which is obviously a nonsense because WP has two completely separate articles both featured on WP main page btw).  So I do not believe anyone any more will buy your misusing of Wikipedia regulations. There is no reversals here, not even technically speaking; because what is going on is mine (article author’s) cleaning of all the shit you keep spraying around. Just like so many editors noted (everyone just look at Dicklyon’s talk page) that you engaged in edit wars or insults exchanges with so far. You are just a trouble maker around here and everyone sees you as such. Now stuff your imaginative misinterpretations of WP regulations to where they belong.  No 3RR violation on my part. But I know why you just threatened with reporting me: it is because I already mentioned to you today that you are in violation of 3RR yourself. ""Sinusoids"" is another result of your imagination as NO REFERENCE ON LSSA EVER MENTIONS IT, so it is not a reversal to remove your ignorance, cleaning your shit is what it is.  "
Block 

Why do you say someone is idiotic and ban them for personal attatcks when calling someone idiotic is a personal attack? Shouldnt you be banned? I suppose not because this is not a democracy on this site its run like Hitler ran Germany.
OMG!!! someone is making threats...iam so scared.. thats funny you change and make up your own barnstars thats low and embarassing!! Get a life!! like one out of this site!
What, homosexual Tom Atkins and draft dodger Wayne were father figures? Whatever. Maybe I should report your remark as a personal attack.
"

 Grabovoy 
You said: ""perhaps you don't understand. This does *not* belong here. Stop readding it. If people want to read this garbage , they can go to the reference you have linked"". 
It's an English translation. The reference links to a Russian text. Clear to you? Say ""stop"" to your partner in gay plays. 
I shall never stop. 
  "
"

""some white people considered black people to be intellectually and socially inferior"" Only white people thought that? Let's forget about jews/arabs and asian peoples views ) A whole race of people that never invented a written language in 6000 years how could anyone think they are intellectually and socially inferior is crazy ) Must be evil white man again! Now i'm off to listen to black Mozart... oh wait... 
"
Cool? idc mate go sook to someone else you sook.. not here I don't deal with sooks... look at the message above and you'll see I mean more to Wikipedia than you
Life of About Tanaya 

she is mean I hate her
"

  Are you fing kidding me? There are 30+ reliable sources listed in the pre-vandalism history of the page. This debate in this talk page has no importance and will not receive justice. I am making my objections public for the sake of posterity alone. If you want to see the sources:

 Go look at the history of the page pre-vandalism.
 Go look at the history of the talk page pre-vandalism.
 Go look at the previous AfD discussion where 30+ sources are extensively discussed and analyzed, and consensus found that they were reliable according to the wikipedia definition of ""reliable"" which you have not familiarized yourself with. 

This debate has already been done and it's very visible in the history of the page and the previous AfDs; the history which has not been consulted by the current deleters attacking this page. Without an ""admin in my pocket"" my claims fall on deaf ears; I understand this all too well. If you or your allies were interested in due process, you would examine the history instead of asking that all that labour be repeated. Your kind will always demand that others do all the work even when it has been done in exhaustive detail. When you've read this entire page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Articles_for_deletion/The_Law_of_One then you may speak without embarassing yourself. Anyone who has not read that entire page and understood the poles of the debate speaks from ignorance and exposes themselves as lazy deleters happy to erase hours and hours of work without a care. Shame on all of you for your intellectual laziness, dishonesty, and irresponsible deleter reflexes.   

 Screenshot of the Sources Pre-Vandalism 

  — Preceding unsigned comment added by  (talk • contribs)  "
Your a disgrace Dan stop making up silly stuff about the wombats
"

 censorship of your talk page is childish, x2 

 ""If you edit my talk page again, I'm going to seek to have you prevented from doing so. Hipocrite (talk) ""

plesae do so, I welcome third-party comment on your behaviour.

thankfully, you have little control over the 'view history' page, which I'm sure will be viewed by anyone impartial."
BLOCKING
BLOCKING ME OVER THE BLANKING OF MY USERPAGE IS AN ABUSE OF SYSOP PRIVILAGES. THANKS FOR PUTTING ME OFF WIKIPEDIA FOR EVER. TWAT FACE
fock you barack obama
REMOVING IRRELEVANT NONSENSE

AD HOMINEM ATTACK IN PLACE OF REASONABLE ARGUMENT SHOWS THE BANKRUPTCY OF
THOSE WHO WHICH TO SILENCE ME.

MORE YOU DO MORE PERSISTENT i WILL BE COME.
Cheap caste fanatic Jonathan. NBK Wiki page vandalise chesinappudu leedu gani , Chimpu gadidi edit cheste noppi telisinda. Mind your own business and stop vandalising NBK's Wiki page.
Get a life and quit stalking me. You admin clowns need to move out of your parents basements and get some real life experience in human interaction.
I beg your pardon? I am from the region, and berbers are a minority. How dare you presume to know people's origins? you can live in your make-belief world, but do not post it as fact and don't delete my posts either to further veil the truth. I am contacting Wikipedia immediately concerning this largely fictitious, vicious article and discussion.
Um, the ethnic hatred was largely due to the Han Chinese or even minority Hui Muslims being more successful than Tibetans are. That's what they complained about. They did not complain about how some country invaded them almost years ago. That's why it was the poorest of the Tibetans rioting, not the middle class. The two Western reporters who interviewed residents both came to that conclusion. Maybe you should do more research on the topic before speaking? I know you're pro-tibet and probably Buddhist, you're really giving Pro-Tibet people a bad name with this biased garbage. 216.252.71.154
Last Warning 

Don't threaten me buddy.  I made minor edits on one user's page after he told me to F___ off.  Leave it alone; it does not concern you and it is over anyway.
BECAUSE HE IS A FAGOT
It isn't 1998 

Stop using the font element, you fool.
MY CHANGES DO NOT AFFECT ANY OF THE CONCOCTED OFFENSES YOU HAVE BROUGHT UP!

 WP:NPOV issues / synthesis
   WP:Verifiable
   WP:OR

I want to bring your OWN STANCE, as being pro orthodox which in itself is BIASED!

i am again going to put the changes back on, BECAUSE I believe your STANCE IS TO PROTECT THE CURRENT SINGH SABHA ideological stance on sikhism, WHICH MEANS that wikipedia ONLY ACCEPTS ORTHODOX POV and NOT unorthodox! Which means going by your OWN judgment, that the CHRISTIAN UNORTHODOX CHURCH, which exist, on real life and on wiki, HAS NO merit!

THAT IS A BIASED APPROACH!
By the way, I see you can't help but whine to others about how my words are affecting the last few brain cells you seem to have held on to. Fuckin' pussy.
"

 Crazy Shirts 
Please stop adding links for unrelated companies to the Crazy Shirts article. The article is about a company with the name ""Crazy Shirts,"" not about ""crazy shirts' in general. Thanks.   "
Have U no decency you have insulted my people, my nation and my ancestors and refulte that fact that I AM WRONG, the one that lives in Ireland is wrong I DON'T think so. Yes you are a ballbag (scrotum or testacles) because you seem to think that i am going to lie down and take this crap without a fight becuase you have this notion in your head that you are wikipedia and that you think you know everything. I happen to have a degree in Irish history and poltics so don't try and preach to me on these matters. I think an apology is in order for your insults and disgraceful remarks.
OBAMA IS OUT OF HIS LEAGUE 

LORD BARRY IS IN WAY OVER HIS HEAD!!!!! WHY ELSE DOES HE LAUGH NERVOUSLY AND DO LENO AND TOWN HALL MEETINGS>>>>HE AND TAX CHEAT GEITHNER SHOULD BE THROWN OUT!!!!
"
It definitely has, as I said, 50,000 Google results of instances where they use it themselves, you don't get that with terms such as ""sausage jockey"" or ""fag"".   "
I am not attacking you man, i'm just sayinmg who you are - a computer worm. Being in wikipedia ~ 10 hrs per day is the status of computer worm. Am I right? Who agrees with me?
"
Attention user ""meters"" his royal highness jizzul the rager is very angry, he wish for your testicles to be delivered to him on a ""silver platter"" as you are clearly a chump, a squad of royal raging viruses will soon infect your PC.
Many kind regards
                 The office of his royal highness jizzul the rager."
but ew 

He was a fαg which is against nature and is the most disgusting thing. Youre not a woman are you? Sexism is wrong. Being wrong is for women.
Rename to corn 
This maize crap has gone on long enough. its CORN and the sooner you idiots let go of your anti-American hysteria the better. 184.4.141.73
Congratulations, you have AIDS! 

I suggest you block me before the rest of your family gets it. 65.183.143.133
MATT HARDY IS SO FUCKY!!!''Italic text[[Media:Example.ogg]]'''''MATT HARDY IS SO FUCKY!!!
Well you are ridiculous, in fact I suspect that you are Calton, please block me, I dont care....
You are toooo G***Y to answer on your OWN TALK PAGE. LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Why do not the two of you, the mentally retarded Jennygirl and the omnipotent Richie Rich, go together to Harrods and dont forget to choose together, being an authentically healthy and sociable couple,  time and location, maybe a restaurant,and then enjoy very evidentliy your meal and in case you should discover that you cant pay anymore, then do not expect them to let one of you peel the potatoes in return. Maybe they wont even say Hello when you come back after they would be kicking off your dipshit spinning incapable ass from the central perk. What a pitty. You have all of my sympathy on your side. Enjoy yourselves and your longest sentence Johnny-come-lately programme director.
You just don't stop, do you?
DONT YOU KNOW MOST OF THE HONGKONGESE DONT APPRECIATE OF THIS CHINESE FLAG!!! YOU DUMBASS JAPANESE!!!
HONG KONG SHOULD BE RULED BY THE HONGKONGESE OR THE BRITISH OR YOU RETARDED JAPANESE SHOULD BE RULED BY THE CHINESE!!!
'Christian' is also a word in the English language that denotes an irreligious idea. It is sad that you can see the word only as religious or political. Imagine how disgusting the stuff here is to move a Seminarian to do what he did. As for forgiving, the Mammon Christians here have been forgiving me throughout for objecting to their lies. And I need not prove my Christian-ness to you; I have been doing it plainly by standing for truth here, and taking the stupid Block with amusement.
And I don't give a damn.
HE THINKS THEY ARE COPYRIGHT VIOLATION. PITY HIM, HE IS SICKO!
"

 Name 

Madeleine's legal name was stated as ""Madeleine Astor Dick"", not Madeleine Astor. Her death notices read ""Madeleine Dick"" and it is stated she went back to her former married name after divorcing her 3rd husband."
"

 to the (non-responding bordering troll behavior) china camp 

Have you people even read the background? I even purposed two months ago to put extra chinese arguments to that section instead of reviving that bulletin clusterfuck of ""wot i think"". But what do you do? Ignore me and revert. Stay classy.   "
Gyrofrog 

Grow up and act mature your sounding like 0 year old
f Scylla, from Mesopotamian origins to his ostensible subject, a ninth-century wall painting at Corvey Abbey.
"

Now hear this Somchai Sun cracker.   Some of us here on Wikipedia are not caught up in the racist swindle of using the word ""Islamism"".  There is nothing wrong with wanting to delete this page -that is not censorship but respect for encyclopedic knowledge, whereas you worshiper of authority want to kiss the ass of all the white scum anti-Muslim pro-war, intellectual nobodies, who want to turn wikipedia into the National Enquirer or some kind of British tabloid.  We won't stand for it so don't bother coming back you simple anti-Semitic pseudo-journalistic charlatan!!!  -   31 July, 2014"
"
 hey funk'  u allways say that: ""bla bla bla""?? or just against jews and israel?? (כל כלב בא יומו) 46.120.172.91  "
You sound like a jive @$$ turkey:)
You do more damage than the vandals.
I can  understand you. YOU DEFINITELY did not read the (Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Assassination plots in the Three Kingdoms). Haha.. Did you ever visist Assassination plots in the Three Kingdoms, the target of AfD? Did you ever understand what the 曹操 is? I once again say to you that THEY ARE LOTS of people who are fond of The Three Kindgoms. Books, Movies,TV series, and manga and games of it.  You DEFINIELY are not one of them!! It is a disgrace to Three Kingdoms that someone like you deleted that page. Like a pig shitted on the book of Goethe. (  )
I find the case extremely interesting on account of the boldness of the hacker and the fact that he hacked so many people's email accounts and got away with it for so long.  Plus, something like this has never happened before.  Remember when the first nudes came out of Vanessa Hudgens?  She said her stuff was hacked, yet everybody called BS.  Same with Mily and Johansson.  But it turns out they weren't lying after all.  i also find it very interesting to see how the US Attny has apportioned the restitution.  $76K for Olstad and all her dildo shots.  $66K for Johansson and, what, one boob and an ass pic?  And $2.5K for Christina and about 5 or 6 vag shots.  Why is one Johansson boob worth $66K and all of Christina's vag shots only worth $2.5K?  I can see why Olsteads pics are worth so much.  She is smoking hot.  But one boob is hardly worth $66K.  Anyways, it will be interesting to see how it all plays out.  This kind of shit happens everyday to regular people, ex-boyfriends / girlfriends, but you don't see a year long FBI investigation out of it.
Only a NUTCASE liberal could make a statement as ABSURD as has >
YOUR HILARIOUS WHY DONT U STOP CHANGING WHAT PPL SAY AND LEAVE THEM ALONE. IF IM CORRECT WERE ALLOWED TO SAY WHATEVER WE FEEL LIKE SO U HAVE NO RIGHT TO CHANGE WHAT OTHER PPL SAY. MAKE A SEPERATE COMMENT ABOUT BUT DONT BE AN A**HOLE AND CHAGE/DELETE IT
Imagine defending a professional paedophile-enabler?
Lol. Reminds me the movie Dumb and Dumber.
I'm talking about valid comments buddy.  Use your head.  You have it for a reason...
OK YOU. LIKE I SAID THIS IS MY WORLD, I DECIDE WHAT HAPPENS. IF I SAY LIL CHRIS DIED OF MALARIA, THEN IT HAPPENED. END OF. JUST ME SAYING IT AUTOMATICALLY MAKES IT TRUE, THEREFORE IT IS AN ACCURATE EDIT. GET IT?
Lick me 

are u horny?
" 

this is total cr*p

I do not send viruses. Tell me how?  You are one person who loves to lay blame where there
is no guilt, BAsed on ASSUMPTIONS. See ""post hoc, ergo prosper hoc"" in logic. 

Now, what the H*ll should I use to introduce a comment? If not = (  )= then what?

WHY NOT JUST TELL ME?

Eh? Or is that too kind?

Beside, ML said he HAD NO EMAIL. Was this a lie? Maybe so.

I email Zoe, and she gets no viruses. Ask her. Just do not open attachments.

God, the lies and lies I find here.

beckjord 

beckjord 

"
Yes, I am well versed in how to constructively use wikipedia, it is my own choice not to do so, would you please remove the large orange currently lodged in your anal tract, please.
I don't like the common negro 

Then again, who does?!? 86.178.203.222
whats vandal did i vandal why should i create an account on carppy wiki?
Yes, I took my sword and attacked you by trying to chop off your head, but that didn't help because of the hydra that you are. One head off, two new appear. One step forward, two steps behind. Thanks for your message.
Not the same person==

Stop changing it to your opinions. Claude Speed and Claude are not the same thing. I'm editing it. Stupid pimple faced kids.
Still a coward

Reverting me doesn't revert my cause.
That's so cool that you like the Red Sox, they're my favorite team too. The good news is that they beat the Toronto Blue Jays 2-1 today with a walk off single by Varitek to bring Manny home in the bottom of the ninth. Go Sox, Yankees SUCK!(71.110.32.21  ).
I am tired of neurotic idiots messing with my page and my links. I asked this Ebike weirdo to email  me but he hasn't done it yet. Who can act as a mediator to resolve this. I want him to leave me alone. Tell him to go bother someone else.  richzubaty  att  hotmail.com
British Isles

Please stop adding nonsense to the British Isles article. Ireland is not British and not part of your British Isles no matter what cesspit you come from. Your xenophobia and hatred of the Irish people is so deeply unattractive, in a seventeenth-century way. Are you one of those notorious Orange Order members in Canada? You are unquestionably an anti-Irish racist. 86.42.90.145
Sockpuppet investigation about you and Teen ape. 

It's here.
yall dont even wait until a mf'er is finished writing the darn thang b4 u hate, do yall? who r u people? y r all yall bullying me? how does this help anybody?
Get lost, you false and abusive lawyer!
NOT REAL 

THIS GLOBAL WARMING YOU NON GOD FEARING DEMOCRATS TALK ABOUT IS FAKE! - PRESIDENT GEORGE WALKER BUSH
"

""Sex in the City"" is pay-per-view, which is very different from what's allowable on free to air in America, from my understanding. They beep out ""bitch"", and blur the finger on NBC. I find cunt is very acceptable in parts of Australia, and have worked in jobs where people pepper their conversation with the word and nobody bats an eyelid. In fact, there could be an expansion on other Austeralian slang, derived from cunt - cunthook and cunt-struck are words I've heard used in conversation that also appear in the Macquarie dictionary.

...Another Aussie"
SHUT YOU FUCK MOUTH

The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. The free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
il quit when orangemarlin rightly gets a warning!!!prove to me u admins are not biased and il leave
Hey, im ripped as hell man
Your edits to Sexually transmitted disease
Hey David, tell us... 

Are you taking it up the ass from Michael Lucas?  Is that why you made those contentious edits everybody's talking about?  Oh honey, say it isn't so!
smyou have a message re your last change, go fuckyourself!!!

all
i hate yu gi oh and dont know why i made this page
'''AND SUPPRESS HIS ACCOUNTS OF HOMOSEXUAL ENCOUNTERS IN HIS LETTERS TO VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS
??? ==

I didn't attack you, you weirdo! 

==
"

She really will not be happy- she will hunt you down and post you to iraq in very small parcels. (I am actually a very funny person but humour doesn't travel well in cyberspace). I still think you should be struck off for defeniding Wessely though- to say that is my right, freedom of speech etc. You could say ""I am going to write to my MP and request that children aren't indoctrinated by being lent copies of ""Why Freud Was Wrong"" Blocked?? My ISP is randomly assigned so I can't see how that works? You really need to grow up I think. I pop into wikipedia the odd time to make the odd edit- only to be faced with a pompous tyrant. Now I think wipedia is just one big sandpit.

 alpinist

"
I'm Sorry 

I'm sorry I screwed around with someones talk page.  It was very bad to do.  I know how having the templates on their talk page helps you assert your dominance over them.  I know I should bow down to the almighty administrators.  But then again, I'm going to go play outside....with your mom.   76.122.79.82
Keshia Cole
Stop adding sh*t to Keyshia Cole page pls, as u did  Thx. 64.26.98.90
I said stop 
Stop it you virgin.
Hey 

Hey. Like Im goin to kill the colective and stuff so like want to be my friend?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by  (talk • contribs)
Not so great, some chump thought i shouldnt post death threats...
There there, things will get better if youre patient.
I wish i could beleive that but i can't, so i think i'll just end it all now...
NOOOOO!!!! This is all Sandstein's fault, i will make it my to exact vengeance on him.
Fight your own battles and get a legitimate hobby other than randomly and disruptively editing good Wiki entries 

Shame on you. 
Move on to something your familiar with. Have your sock puppet friends stay out of our dialog.
I must say, I was harrased very much by Danny Lilithborne. I think you should throw him in lava or something. I hear he molests goats.
Fine Arse.

Foul mouth.

What more do you want.
GET THAT OUT OF HERE!

RUN3$C4P3 !$ G4Y
stop pretending 

Stop pretending to be cool.
I don't really care what you do. Go ahead and ban me, I can change my IP in less than 5 seconds or I can use 1 of the thousands of spoofs, vpns, etc, etc. I don't even have to close my browser to do it.
You should also know that even if you vandalize my IP user page, I'm still not going to read your reply. Do yourself a favor and go fuck your wife before somebody else does.

 1, 2, 3, 4. Let's have an edit war.

 You guys should really learn some manners instead of surfing wiki pretending to be a badass. This edit thing is really easy.
insult 

you disgust me!
.

Perhaps it's neutral in MY point of you, you are just pro-american scum. Therefore, YOU are the biased one
i enjoyed having your balls in my mouth last night (  )

 Thanks
This person is criminal
It is not just you. This is a laundry list of stupid allegations scooped up from god-knows-where. Probably two-thirds of it has little basis in fact.
Awwwwww. Doesn't poor little Femto like getting told off? Take it like a man. Yes, I have been repeatedly been warned, I don't think it's necessary do state the obvious. And thanks for saying that I'm smart enough (you didn't say smart, but I know you were thinking it) to know when to stop, but to be honest, I just stop becasue I can't be bothered doing anything else in that line of vandalism or all my options of further vandalism are exhausted. There are warnings more serious than a 24 hour block? What is it? 36 hour block?? Noooooooooooooooooooooo. Please don't subject me to that horrible punishment. I couldn't take it for a whole 36 hours! Thanks for the confrontation, it's been a pleasure. Usually people don't reply to me and they go straight on my hate list, but because you've been replying, you're making your way off the list because of your entertainment values. Those are false accusations!!!!
Aw. Little InaMaka got tired of playing. Wikipedia is so boring without you. Hugs and kisses. Your BFF,
david: oh wow, rob a bank, and why would we jack a car if i already have a truck, that seems kinda pointless now doesnt it?  hahahahahahaha church? that stinks
"

 My Statement 

Oh wow, I take a little drive and come back to a nuclear war zone? I guess I can take on each point...

 The fact that MF was not blocked for the same behavior is rather odd (also... if you ask a question after telling me to stop replying... what do you really expect?).
 I agree that Tan needed to be blocked and I agree with the desysopping. 
 To say that I have no right to be angry is a foolhardy notion. I was told multiple times to fuck off (btw, when told to fuck off, I am considerably less likely to comply).
 . They both hail from the infamous Tiscali network. That being said, rpeh has no reason to be involved in this discussion (he has a personal issue with me ever since he was desysopped on another wiki; he hasn't gotten over it). I intend to request a checkuser and request a block for sockpuppetry.
 User:Georgewilliamherbert places too much weight on unofficial warnings. A vandal can be warned four times but a user once? Hmmmm...
 Prodego has no reason to be desysopped. He had every right to block for a violation of WP:NPA tens of times. 
– (talk) "
it all lies!  6mln jew death? you must be kidding 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T2ADKx8YqM&feature;=related
"

 The attack? 

I did not attack what's its name (SynchroCat?!!!) but it seems from the response that some editors at Wikipedia have a f- raging disease of attacking anyone outside the pool of Wikipedia editors that may question their judgement. You need to read the log before you label my comments ""attack"". For the record I dont think you are a f-gg-t either."
These People Love Hairy Men
You have made five edits today, all were silly and unconstructive and all have been reverted. Stop wasting everyone's time.
habitual liar Epipelagic is lying that you are my sockpuppet, please see the talk page of animal cognition for more information. 124.168.30.60
I have provided you by some new info regarding falsetto which wankers like 4meter4 cannot acceept simply because they think they know everything. I do not get shit about wikipedia any more because you are unable to avoid wankers like 4meter4. Feel free to mention the shit around the world. Feel free to block me for ever!
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE EXPOSED!! DROP YOUR RELATIONS WITH ANTI AMERICAN HATE GROUPS 'WE ARE GOING TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE EXPOSED!! DROP YOUR RELATIONS WITH ANTI AMERICAN HATE GROUWE ARE GOING TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE EXPOSED!! DROP YOUR RELATIONS WITH ANTI AMERICAN HATE GROUPS 'WE ARE GOING TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE EXPOSED!! DROP YOUR RELATIONS WITH ANTI AMERICAN HATE GROUPSPS
I believe religious views should be taken into consideration in this article. Reading the article, I am shocked by the fact that it almost seems as if M********* is normal behavior, when infact, it's not. Sodomites should not be respected in any society, and wasting semen is a sickness worthy of disgrace.
"

It was not a hate message towards gays, maybe I should rephrase it...  Am Ri¢h! "
What am I, a Rabbi?
"

So, stating an opinion on Wikipedia is ""Vandalizing""????????? You make me laugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stating encyclopedic items are ""VANDALISING""??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

You make me laugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I state encyclopedic items and you state ""VANDALIZING"" !!!!!!!! ARe you mental??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
"I am not surprised to find Zoticogrillo here. Dude the Doctor of ""Laws"" and the Doctor of ""Law"" are two different degrees and translation from Latin to English. Don't take my word call the ABA. Moron

"
"-skinned prick named OlYeller got me banned.  He doesn't like it when people point out that he broke his promise: ""finding 2+ news articles from reliable and independent sources would shut me up. If you do that, I'll make the text say annual myself.""
http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Talk:Everybody_Draw_Mohammed_Day&diff;=prev&oldid;=425928499

You're a lying piece of shit, OlYeller."
Is it worth it all 

Is it worth all this admin and editor effort trying to trace /block /ban editors who only post minor annoying (to some) questions at the Ref desks? I think not. What i do think is that you and your ilk just enjoy hunting so called trolls even though they do no damage to the encyclopedia proper. You make insignificant edits to the pedia so I conclude you are not a real Wikipedian. Before you level the same accusations at me, you will remember that I am banned, but you could look up my history of contributions if you wanted to.  Why dont you find another game off wiki to waste your time?
I have surcived all attacks on me (many of them by Admins) in the past few years: . None could shut me up. Neither will you. Even TWAT features has given up.
I promised trouble if I was banned for the minor offence of arguing with admins. I am keeping my promise. The only way to stop me is to deny my existence totally. But you wont do that bvcause you enjoy this form of blood sport, dont you? Why not go out and shoot a few rabbits insted; endnig with yourself?
THe one and only LC
The start date is innacurate. I can faithfully attest that critical ass occured in portoand usa well before 2001. It was before Bush, and before y2k even. Furthermore, the pun critical ass only makes sense in english; giving some credence to my claim. I didn't start college until 2001 and it was going on while I was still in high school years before.
Archivesyou have a message re your last change, go fuckyourself!!!
Er, what is the precise opposite of what the report says? You clearly haven't read thoroughly what I put. IN SPITE OF what the report claims about the protestors being unarmed and posing no threat, they still deserved to be shot as they were revolting people. 79.75.141.101
"== RCN? ==

I'm violating RCN acceptable use policy?  Report me to RCN, do your worst...I've already placed my cancellation with them.

There will ALWAYS be a way around this.  It's a major flaw in Wikipedia.  Figure out a solution so you can ""get back to your serious work"".  BWAHAHAHAHAHLosers. 207.237.233.142  "
And finally spitting on the graves of irish people is exaclty what you are doing by saying that their sacrifice was in vain. I think wikipedia seems to be a a schoolyard and you seem to be the bully that thinks he knows all and I am the new kid standing up for the rights of the rest of the children.
" ""If anyone does not make senses or say stupid thing to you when he or she is your boss or manager, do not let them do to you, have talk with a big boss to insult her or him back!"" April 2005 - Cculber007 to Goody's Corporation

"
Silliness

You did something silly. Please don't be silly again.   05:18, 2005 Jun 9 (UTC)
_______________________________________________________________

Yes yes yes, 094 conducted patrol in 2014 without missiles. The Chinese are so stupid that they can not even make a missile work. Go ahead USA start a nuclear war now with China. You most hated and bitter enemy. They utterly destroyed your economy and is your biggest debt holder. Go ahead USA nuke China, they do not even have a missile that work !!
You can rationalize your dishonesty however you want but even wikipedia has an article on the ground zero mosque asswhipe
You are not serious.  You have William S. Jackass and Dickflourintine edit warring with me.  Did they get anything?  No, because those are the retards you favor.  Learn how to favor a logical person for once.
Judging the book
Dude.... I hesitate to call attention to this, but look at her.  She's a plastic, hollow nutjob judging by the fake blonde hair, caked on makeup, overdone lipstick/eye-shadow, and WAY over-serious look on her face..... so fucking unreal/unnatural.... so out of touch with herself, her soul, the truth the world around her.... vomitus eruptus maximus.
"

Shut it. Maybe you shouldn't have made the ""edit"" page for anons. Geez.

-Anonymous"
Just for clarification you're a cock. Congrats on having software that can detect IP changers. Glad I only got it on the trial. No, you really are a cock.
I didn't say you favored him over me, I said you were treating us equally when it's blatantly clear to anyone looking in that there's only one party being actively disruptive here. I guess nothing I wrote actually registered, which in a way supports the second part of what I wrote. I'm sorry to be critical, but after two weeks of this crap, day in, day out, getting hammered with warnings and other bogus edits, and even trying to step back for the last four days, and still seeing myself blamed by you for this, and insulted, and generally treated as just as much crap as the person actively doing all of this, I had to say something. And you're still doing it.
"

Hey , don't you tell me what to do, or where to go, got it? Oh, and if Wikipedia is your ""business"", then you really need to get a life!  "
impact page 

you might as well just give up dude.  i can and will continue to make this update if i have to visit the page every 5 minutes. i have the time.
i remember you from the discussion about the whitecaps and not wanting them to have a new page for their MLS entity.  you don't know jack about MLS and therefore you do not get the last say about how an MLS page is updated.  these games are officially broadcast by the league itself and the numbers are being worn and are clearly visible and assigned to players that official league announcer are referring to  .... so obviously they are going by some sort of officially published rosters.  the impact website is NOT the only way to have valid information.  if and when the website is updated and any numbers differ they can be changed at that time.  your insisting that my own f**king eyes are not a good enough validation nor is the OFFICIAL league broadcast/ers is completely idiotic and pedantic.  there is no problem erring on the side of more information being available on wikipedia especially since it was information that was out there to be gathered and put on wikipedia in the first place.  it isn't like the information is made up ... it comes from a reliable source ... the league itself ... it just so happens i was the only one dedicated enough to watch the game and compile the numbers and you were too lazy to do so.
"

Greer's involvement in the aftermath of the assassination is a valid component of the historical record. STOP REVERTING MY WORK TO THE BS ""GREER WAS JUST AN OLD DRIVER"" BALONEY AND MAKE SPECIFIC EDITS TO WHAT YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH!"
"

You started it with ""BullShit"" about Fetzer having a POV expressed. You are not Neutral and clearly your ""United States Marine Corps"" colors your opinion and exposes your motive for censorship but none of that is relevant to the idea that the article is about the group itself and not about ""What others think"" about the group. As a contributor, I have found the most adequate definition of the group and included it. 

You are acting silly. It is like if you don't agree with a groups message you think it is ok to redefine the group for anyone looking for information about who the group is. I don't like the KKK but I am not editing the Wiki article to make it more ""Black Friendly"" or ""Negative"" about them. I would even cite their founder as a  definitive source for who they are because that is the ""OBJECTIVE"" thing to do. 

Semper Fi yourself into some common sense. "
"

Crusades
Hey, S. Schulz, amigo, stop screwing around with legitimate edits.  I put ""thus"" and ""CE"" in the Crusades piece and you called it ""vadalism.""  How is that.  If you object to use of ""CE"" then suggest ""AD,"" but it seems to me that any piece that deals with events in the ""9th"" century should tell readers if you are talking AD or BC.  (And I don't know who put word ""Jason"" in the article, but if your point in editing that was to refer to ""vandalism"" make very sure you don't overreach and call everything you take out as ""vandalism.""  You paint too wide a path when you do that and it's a misnomer.  So stop screwing around and get with the script.  rossp"
Now, Tony, why do you want to be known as the typical right-wing, born-again Christian fist-fuckee of 2006?
Ive moved from denial to anger to confusion. Damn it.
", 23 August 2013 (UTC)
Typing ""he"" is ""gross sexual harrassment""? You're getting carried away, Josh. With all due respect, take a breather. Yintan  14:27"
renault 

you sad little bo for driving a renault clio which has no vaa voom so there and the mcflurry is made of shit
"

John Mark Karr quote

""You wanna rape us John Mark Karrs? You wanna rape us Debra Lafaves? Fuck you.""  The source cited has the entire word before ""you"" blotted out.  Is there an uncensored source, or are we just assuming it is ""fuck""?  Although it would make the most sense from context, to be sure, we cannot make such an assumption in an encyclopedia.  Either the word should be blotted out or a reliable, first-hand, uncensored source must be added."
I used profanity in my edit summaries, but I didn't know anything was wrong with that. A warning would have worked.  It's the same thing that administrators do. Being blocked for 48 hours is just gay.
"
PS. You watch that foul mouth of yours Madam. ""Innuendo"" indeed. I've blocked for less. ;-)"
YO

I don't appreciate you pushing me as a black person fool! Get off my nuts, stop acting like some ho.
lol funny how he hav only 1 ball... I also found out he is sterile and haz 9 children lol
Your Conversion 

Are you a Muslim? If not, you should convert. Otherwise it is intolerant to make changes to any Muslim related page. I look forward to you converting to Islam. I forsee that you will marry a great Muslim man and make him happy. Only then will you be free from chains of oppression. Saduj al-Dahij
He also does not begin in the usual way with -

It began when they come took me from my home
And put me on Dead Row - (For a crime?)
Of which I am nearly wholly innocent, you know!
And I'll say it again
I am not afraid to die
k then tell me how i am making personal attacks when i posted a civilized message on a talk page. i can always change my ip so you'd do well to ansewr my question rather than puttin ga template up because you're too lazy to type
Real good article, but the tone seems to demonize the demonizers!!
I would start out by saying that all human beings have both good and evil characteristics, while demons are just evil. 
Also, the need to demonize is shown in warfare where you must make your enemy evil in order to happily kill him.
QUESTION

Pimps where hats.
Jerry wears a hat.
Therefore, Jerry is a pimp.
WP:NOTCENSORED

Bollocks, it is totally censored by a bunch of dimwits
I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. On Wikipedia, Jews are hunted down and banned like dogs then given a brand of some other random banned user. Typical racist Web site.
Yeah 9 11 was carried out by 19 cave dwelling Muslims who are openly funded by  CIA. Even the Jundallaah terrorist leader admitted it. Wikipedia is for fact suppressing fagots like yourself.
I just wanted to say how awful it is to be attacked by a bunch of looney vandals, but Haunted Angel your conduct is just as bad. Shame on you
Nick Graves, you are a blackmailer. You are a lier. I will expose you. Your days are numbered.
Oh, and by the way, IP address, don't be giving me orders and threats. You're a nobody from nowhere.
You. 

I despise you.
(YOU ARE FAGS) 

 I AM LEVEL 2 OF LEVEL 2 AND YOU ARE STILL FAGS 

Menergy Energy for MEN
"

Barnstar

  The Monkey's Barnstar For making wikipedia your entire life even though your brain is smaller than this monkey's. Here's a banana.   "
"

And finally, the ONLY reason I created the article here on Wikipedia, it's because I could link it to other Wikipedia articles, since it was about an animation, band, video game, cd album and cd single. But like I said before, screw this. It's because of losers so-called administrators like you AKA ""vandalism fighter wannabe"" that Wikipedia is full of nonsense articles with innacurate info. Pftt, can't bother with these weirdos. adieu. 88.214.165.10  "
afraid..lol....just use your brain more...
Warning yourself? Impersonating somebody else to warn that same person is just stupidity.
Little Eichmanns?
He calls the people who were killed on 9/11 little eichmanns?  This is a seriously evil man.  What if your own mother was killed in 9/11.  Would you label her a 'little eichmann'?
Talk page foolishness 

You do realize you are berating me for using your talk page, to ask you to stay off mine?

Think about it. Actually, good advice for most of your talk-page posts....
Reason 

There is no information about 6 percent greeks in Albania so you are a chauvinist
I didn't vandalize anything, except sometimes in retaliation, to make my point understood. They are a bunch of ignorant people, who have never read a single line of J.F.'s work, who are systematically vandalizing any reference to the Proto-Ionic Solution because it destroy their POV.  Allow me to give you an advice  read the J.F.'s books if you can understand French. Make 'your own opinion' about the Proto-Ionian Theory, instead of trusting biaised hearsays. In advance, thank you (User[[80.90.57.154,15:17, 24 March 2006).
Oh, no wonder. I was banned by a commie from China. 

Free Tibet!
Racism 

You have characterised my implications that you are racist as bullshit. Anybody interested in viewing this user's racist diatribes is encouraged to comment on the Maltese nobility talkpage. I find this attitude you've decided to pursue highly disrespectful, and will still require an apology. Thank you.
not know to this day what
               Devil brought them into our country. We did not fetch them
               from Jerusalem!... Yes, we have and hold them captive, as I
               would like to keep my rheumatism, and all other diseases and
               misfortunes, who must wait as a poor servant, with money and
               property and everything I have! I wish they were in hell
               with the other Jews and whomsoever they would like to have
               with them.
Sorry? Poking? Baiting? What is this crap? I'm trying to have a serious conversation with Malleus that was rudely interrupted by a trigger-happy admin blocking Malleus mid-sentence. Malleus is perfectly capable of answering for himself here. I don't know who you're patronising more here with that. I'm getting the message that Malleus has no response to the obvious humiliation him editing that man's biography represents. Is humiliation or hurt a likely response to that, Malleus? If you do concede that, what makes it right for you to insult and humiliate him and edit his page? It's a serious, not a rhetorical, question. It's a moral question.
You downplay Catholic Holocausts 

You pretends to be a Southern Baptist,but you are a fanatic Catholic Propagandist instead.  It is theft of personality with purposes from causing damages. There are laws prosecuting your felony.  Your IP adress must to be blocked. I did reported you to police.  Wait in your home for a visit from agents very soon. And Why Latin American Baptists hadn´t human rights according you?.
Because we are untermenschen?.
"

 Your mouth is your worst enemy Guy

Matthew 7:12 ""Therefore whatever you want men to do to you, do also to them, for this is the Law and the Prophets""
Matthew 12:36-37 ""But I say to you that for every idle word men may speak, they will give account of it in the day of judgement""
""For your words you will be justified and your words you will be condemned""
James 3:8 But no man cam tame the tongue, It is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.
James 3:9 With it we bless our God and Father, and with it we curse men, who have been made in the similitude of God.

I hope you have a cheap lawyer Mr Chapman, the damage has already been done and why? because you cant control your pestilient manic mouth and your savvy internet skills which You chose to use to do evil instead of Good. Your have totally disregarded goodwill, decency, meekness, character, and good manners.
Your truly, Brother Hemdean"
That is lame == its the internet man, doesn't matter you who you show it to because 1. I can't be blocked because i can change my IP, 2.I don't care even if you successfully block me because im not using my home computer XD
"You lying SOB==
""I don't focus on single articles or wikiprojects; mostly I just tweak an article when I see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions."" ~Kasreyn

You've stalked the Insane Clown Posse page for years now, and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis, but violate your ""Juggalo outlook."" I'm sure you've noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band ICP; complaints originating from multiple wikipedians. Ever consider stepping back, and letting unbiased editors take the reins of ICP?

Here's some food for thought, have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didn't want to lose credibility because of slander?

=="
We are white supremists and racists. We need to support this theory to prove that
Re 

Hi, just thought I'd let you know that this edit was not done by me, but an imposter. I want you all to myself, you sexy beast. Maybe , yourself and me should get together sometime. I'll bring the condoms. 90.206.160.56
Whatever, Mary
At least my user page has some balls.  Thenatureboy
go and get layed 

Jeremy you just need to get shafted!!!
Since you asked? I'd suck it up, understand that Wikipedia is attempting to be encyclopedic and that statements here should be backed up by reliable sources, and find one. You claim you're essentially an expert on Britich comics...what's to stop me from making the same claim about physics? We can't simply take an editor's word for it that they're qualified to speak about a particular subject. This is discussed at length at WP:V. Making the effort to find a reliable source seems, to me, a more productive use of your time than dwelling on the fact that your information was removed for lacking one, especially when it's not an attack on you or a matter of questioning your credibility.
Hey are you kidding me.... I was adding info to this site.. to make it much more reliable. You must be sick headed to think I am removing things. No body ever dared to care about this article... It was me, who are trying to give some life.. yo useriously must be out of your mind... go right ahead and do as you wish.. I was jsut helping... and there is no more need of maintenance tags,.. all was ompleted according to me! Sonisona
Yes, complain to your rabbi and then go shoot some more defenseless Arabs to take out your frustration.  21:25, 22 Dec 2004 (UTC)
Around blacks 

Never relax! 86.181.0.14
"

 Can't understand -( 

Wot do u men by ""added categories"" or ""userboxes"" ?? Do u want to edit anything ???     talk  "
Iago Aspas 

It's your lucky day, already protected by another admin! Snowman
All suuukkks ma deeeekk
lmao! Thanks TV2007, but I could have told him my self I wasn't reading that shit he put their for me to read
Your accusations of bad faith editing are as full of bullshit now as when you made them in the CFD. The disruptive one here is you, because you're flouting an editing consensus that has been in place for something like eight years and lying about another editor to do it. TV shows are not appropriately characterized by the people who appear on them.
LOL!! Really I'm having a ball with this nut!!
HEY DJBULLSHIT, WORRY ABOUT YOUR OWN TALK PAGE... 

OR LACK OF ONE YOU HAVE.
Why do you keep crying (bitching) about every revert? 188.81.115.107
wtf 

what is your problem with me are you a stalker
David Duke

Why did you remove truth from the David Duke article. are you a racist?
"

The efforts by Elonka, et. al., to ratify this laughable whitewash of an article are just ludicrous. There is utterly nothing ""neutral"" about what Wikipedia has puked out onto the Internet about Matt Sanchez. ref  "
Fine, but the issue remains that he can't spell a freaking word properly. What is going to be done about this?
Fu xck you SPk eat my 8=====D    I can't wait untill the US does what china, and may other countries have done, and file a lawsuit against wikipedia and get it banned due to infringement upon sourcing 

information that are posted without authorization. block me IDC i have auto ip changer
No point. I'm converted. He was a vile fascist. What is your objection?
THIS USER IS A PLANT FROM BRUCE PERENS AND GROKLAW 

Revoke his rights and ban him  he's an infiltrator.
"
Like i give two shits right now. "
":: I don't really want to deal with an amoeba but just to set the record straight for the Anti-Einstein, how in the name of all that's earthly does ""there was NO evidence that Wales was known as ""the land of song"" or ""a land of song"""" correspond to that quotation of mine i.e. that the vast majority of Dublin inhabitants would not recognise Wales as the land of music or song. You are a fraud, it's pure and simple, now stop debating out of your anus and don't smoke weed when you're trying to make serious contributions please.

"
why did you delete my page? 

PMDrive1061!

why did you delete my pages for no reason!

YOu are a horrible disrespectful person i will be calling the police immedietly!
Yes, and I suggest that you stop sock-puppeting Sassy, or should I say FUNK!  God, why are all you admins commies?  Anyway, you are way out of line here.
Stop 

Stop Being Rude to users who don't sock this wiki.Thanks,yours truly,68.84.225.186
"

 Nice guy vs jerk 

Nice guys often come from a secular background, who are wrongly taught at home from an early age to respect the opposite sex and see her as equal in terms of intelligence and everything else. Jerks on the other hand come from semi-religious households (the extremes of abrahamic religions often) who by default see the opposite sex as inferior and in need of protection.

This makes sense when you think of the so called ""Girl-power"". Girl-power is completely useless on a jerk, a girl cannot hurt a jerk's feeling with her words and gestures because he's simply not thinking about what she says, but instead if the girl was to attack the jerk physically then he would in fact respond to it very violently. 84.241.20.45  Goshtaasp"
Worlds of Fun 

Anybody like that dumbass theme park from Cedar Fair? 71.74.76.40
"
All I know is that you seem to be a silly man. Then you bring that ridiculous Coldplay expert into this diseased game and that is ultimate joke.   Is he supposed to be the resident Wikipedia music expert?  I mean, what kind of mindless fool imagines there is a molecule of talent to singing a song about ""Jello"" like some castrated schoolboy?  Have you heard how they play guitar? Chugga-chugga-chugga, it is alternative no-talent trash of the worst kind!  I don't care how the brainwashed masses are deluded and deceived into thinking Coldplay is quality music when so obviously it comes from the sewer, except that is an insult to the sewer.  Those who attack Soviet Russia attack a nation that created the greatest music known to mankind and the new ""democracy"" of gangsters only destroyed whatever quality once existed.  Do not compare Coldplay to great art, please, do not be sillier than you already are, because Coldplay is an example of everything that is wrong with music today. My dog knows more about music than Coldplay, sings better than Coldplay, and he did not go to a school of castrated schoolboys to learn that much.
  "
Please block me but do me a favor- don't remove the content I posted on both of your talk pages! You think am dying to contribute here ! ROFLMAO. I have a life dude and I lead it- not in the rickety, mangled and smelly domain where pests like you scurry around without letting other pests in ! Seriously dude get a life- Block me . Am still not back on my chair I fell off while laughing!

OldRuff
"

 Blocked 

I was ""blocked"" by you after a sock puppet person using 3 accounts kept making obvious vandilism changes to an article.
They called it blanking a page after I edited out all the crap they had put onto the page.

For some reason, none you never even looked at anything on the affected page or talked to anyone about the problem, nor did you ever even try to talk to me, you just ban away. It has been KNOWN for a very LONG time that the user Gwernol is a sock puppet.

Jimbo himself edited the article and told people to only populate the article with FACTUAL items.

The article had been being picked on by several editors (sockpuppets) all matching Gwernol's ip address.

I removed everything Gwernol had written and he comes to you to attempt to block me, and without even TALKING to me you blocked me.

Congradulations on failing the Wikipedia Administration test, I believe you will be removed within the next few days as a Wikipedia Administrator by Jimbo himself, we have been discussing your actions over the last 24 hours.

BTW, I'd like you to know, your block had no effect on me whatsoever.
We have a long and true way to deal with rogue Admins and Moderators.

You are about to see that."
"

 Libya casualty report (French operations) 

You claimed that Libya sources are unreliable, and delete my contribution... And western reports are? You're a biased fuck. So, the US, UK, or France can claim whatever casualties they want... thats fine, but when Libya claims to have caused casuatlies you immediately lable it ""unreliable"" and remove it? Your bias is showing asswipe... cover it up before you stain Wikipedia's name even more.- AGSman61"
TALK TALK TALK blubber ALL KINDS OF BORING THINGS!!!
this page smells very bad
.... 

Screw YOU...shitbag
Jesus Christ, I can't edit anything without stupid pimple faced kids editing my work.
July 2010 (UTC)

Oh my goodness! What a HUGE surprise!! Ronz is unable to understand anything that is not his own opinion. How surprising - not. Dear Mr Ronz: please stop:
Contributing NOTHING positive to WP.
Changing other people's contributions.
Threatening people.
Attempting to bully people.
Wasting my time.
Wasting your own time.
Wasting everbody's time.
  12:06, 7
Mr.Checkon ==
This man deserve mention but some fag admin keeps deleting it.

==
I think perhaps you should review the article 

entitled assume good faith.  You have made several slanderous comments about me, and when questioned directly you simply deleated them.  Im sure that by saying I was a role account you probably meant something negative, but in the context it was used, it would have been possible for someone to assume you were simply being a cunt.  Again I'm sure that was not the case. I should also point to the fact that I havent been able to get much done in wikipedia as a result of user:Pamento repeatedly calling me an ass-hole or a homosexual, or a panty waste and while you threaten to bar me, nothing has been done to prevent him from uttering this nonscence.  Also I would like to inform you that from time to time my nephews come over and play with my computor, and it results in me typing in all capital letters.. no disrespect was meant by this, but somebody forgot to assume good faith and barred me because of it, even though i plainly stated I was having trouble.  Please respond on my discussion page as its a pain in the ass for me to have to keep going to everbody elses home page and write and prevents me from getting any real editting done, as you have noted.
lack of New York Post report in the artical 

There should be someting in the artical about Mark Lavin exposing Olbermann about his alegedly being a pervert with a small penis.  audio here Artical Here
Are you his mother?
Butthurt much?
If you dinna like where I moved it too, just move it back. As you are the alpha and the omega innit
Another ridiculous article by WikiPedia ==

Your section on how to define area is as vague as most of your other articles. Area is easy to define: It is the product of two averages. Volume is not 'analogous' to area - whoever wrote this, needs to look up the word analogous. Volume is defined as the product of three averages. It is also accurate to say that area has no extent - just like a point or line. Area only begins to take on understandable dimensions once a point or line is assigned extent. As an example: If a line is made up of 3 points of zero extent, it's length is zero. If it is made up of 3 points whose centers are half a unit from the circumference of a circle formed around the same, then the line has length of 3 units. More ridiculous articles: Fundamental theorem of Calculus, Proof that 0.999... = 1 and Infinitesimals. 98.195.24.26  

==
And this meat puppet would be whom? Tim Foxworth
"

 I don't understand why my page was taken off. 

Bull shit I bet they be sucking alot of dick! My Page wasn't vandalism it was truthism. Look for you self:

Espionage or a dick spying on some pussy lovers involves an individual obtaining information that is considered secret or confidential without the permission of the holder of the information. Espionage is inherently clandestine, as the legitimate holder of the information may change plans or take other countermeasures once it is known that the information is in unauthorized hands. See clandestine HUMINT for the basic concepts of such information collection, and subordinate articles such as clandestine HUMINT operational techniques and clandestine HUMINT asset recruiting for discussions of the ""tradecraft"" used to collect this information.
Hey I gotta joke and it goes like this:Dick says ""Hey Balls get ready for a patry"" Balls replies ""You fucking liar. Everytime we go to a party, you always go in and leave us out here knockin.  

History
Incidents of espionage are well documented throughout history. The ancient writings of Chinese and Indian military strategists such as Sun-Tzu and Chanakya contain information on deception and subversion. Chanakya's student Chandragupta Maurya, founder of the Maurya Empire, made use of assassinations, spies and secret agents, which are described in Chanakya's Arthasastra. The ancient Egyptians had a thoroughly developed system for the acquisition of intelligence, and the Hebrews used spies as well, as in the story of Rahab. Feudal Japan often used ninja to gather intelligence. More recently, spies played a significant part in Elizabethan England (see Francis Walsingham). Many modern espionage methods were well established even then. http://www.henrywotton.org.uk/

The Cold War involved intense espionage activity between the United States of America and its allies and the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China and their allies, particularly related to nuclear weapons secrets. Recently, espionage agencies have targeted the illegal drug trade and those considered to be terrorists.

Different intelligence services value certain  intelligence collection techniques over others. The former Soviet Union, for example, preferred  human sources over  research in open sources, while the United States has tended to emphasize technological methods such as SIGINT and IMINT. Both Soviet political (KGB) and military intelligence (GRU
 ) officers were judged by the number of agents they recruited. 

Various Forms
Unlike other forms of  intelligence collection disciplines, espionage usually involves accessing the place where the desired information is stored, or accessing the people who know the information and will divulge it through some kind of subterfuge. There are exceptions to physical meetings, such as the Oslo Report, or the insistence of Robert Hanssen in never meeting the people to whom he was selling information.

The US defines espionage towards itself as ""The act of obtaining, delivering, transmitting, communicating, or receiving information about the national defense with an intent, or reason to believe, that the information may be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of any foreign nation. Espionage is a violation of 18 United States Code 792-798 and Article 106, Uniform Code of Military Justice{{cite web
  | last = US Department of Defense
  | authorlink = U.S. Department of Defense
  | title = Joint Publication 1-02 Department of Defe
sexy time with old saggy grandmas
WTH DUDE 

Deleting my articles, you got no bloody right! how would you like it? you power mad freak! Come out from hiding behind your computer screen!
"
What a crock of shit, .  That's the pissiest, poorest logic I've ever seen.  What group do you belong to?  The shortbussers?  Diligent Terrier may be a dick, but I'll say one thing for him, he's A-100% ethical and honest in all his dealings.  And I don't think he ever found himself lost in a bathroom stall, which I doubt you can claim.  To insinuate that what DT did constituted a ""personal attack"" constitutes a huge case of self-embarrassment on your part.   It's just ridiculous.68.218.222.40  "
Do you even know how much I've wasted for this crapp?
"

 UFC 191 
You say ""LMAO"", you use emojis, and your username says 1999 for no apparent reason? Your not fooling anyone, you 15-year-old brat. Stop vandalizing articles with your BS. I don't care if you thought it was obvious, your opinion versus official sources means absolutely nothing. Hit the bricks.   "
Oh! I found out what his knickers are in a not about, Kev said 'fuck off idiot' in his edit summary to his first defacement of our talk page! ROFLMAO! That's brilliant, nice work Kev, making friends already. P Please make friends with the LESS crazy type of wiki-fascist PLEASE? xAidenx
Hello 

Hey there Metros. You know me. Why pretend you don't, bitchy poo? Who else is a beeg fan of beeg mooonster poonag?
ENOUGH! You don't own Wikipedia, so quit bothering me!
Silence!
Don't message on my talk page. I am going to erase all your messages because you told me tp go away so Silence! Not another word!
Comment

What the heck are you talking about?
That was some ugly juvenile vandalism. Kids these days...
"
Without playing your silly game no more, I'll just skip to the point and suggest a new sentence:

""This argument has been cited by most American physical and cultural anthropologists as evidence that racial categories are biologically meaningless, and that behavioral differences between groups cannot have any genetic underpinnings. Physical and cultural anthropologists in other countries, most notably Russia and China are mostly of the opposite opinion, and believe racial categories are biologically meaningful. Likewise, the majority of forensic anthropologists, biologists and developmental psychologists believe race is biologically meaningful.""  "
Wikipedia:Headless Chickens 

I have nominated your headless chicken page for deletion as it is useless. Lets hope it gets deleted, yes.
What the hell are you talking about?
Somebody defaced a comment. I fixed it.
142.204.141.222
Block Me! I DARE YOU 

Hey, don't tell me what I can and can't do, go ahead and block me, cause if you do, I will have this whole damn website shut down for good. So try me!!!    Wweppvguy
Stop 

Please stop attacking this poor lad
I have just read your userboxes and your userpage 

And frankly I am revolted by you. You appear to be a disgusting specimen, and I will gladly put you out of your misery! 86.7.18.55
unblock|its MY TALK PAGE . HELLO CAN YOU NOT SEE THAT. I AM SHELBY YOUNG AND I WANT MY NAME OFF THIS WEBSITE AND PER JIM WALES I CAN REMOVE BOTH THE IP ADDRESS AND MY TALK PAGE SO GTFO.
Blocking me won't do anything but make me call Jim. I suggest you read his talk page.

Sick of pervert child molestors stalking me around wikipedia.
little douchebag... 

...you gonna wish you didn't start it
stop 

As wiki is not a Waabi and deobandi Platform so don't try ur sick Views here.First collect correct information and be on siratal mustakeem. (t • c)
Butthurt sandpeople, please don't censor Jewish articles.
I agree 100%. Franklin was clearly joking. Unfortunately, you'll find that most Wikipedians do not respond well to substantive comments such as yours. They prefer highly-biased, often-overblown interpretations and descriptions. Anyway, nice to see someone else on here isn't a complete idiot. 65.247.226.99
"
You started the ""edit war"", son. Try not being a southern-fried liar and labeling constructive edits as ""vandalism"". HAND; FYM.   "
OKAY IGNORE THAT,THAT WAS CRAP OK DON'T TRY THIS AT HOME YOU WILL GO TO FEDERAL PRISON
Scat & BDSM 

Hi, I was wondering if faggots as large as you participate in these sexual practices as apart of your regular daily routine?
theres a fat kid in my history class who looks like raul lawl. omg it rhymes.
Oh my god...

You are so gullible.

adds you to Gullible Wikipedians list*

I cannot believe you actually fell for this.

HA!

- S-man
Agreement
The whole Wiki readership unanimously agree with the above assessment of Sitush. One has to invent new English words to depict the bastard.
I guess the old saying holds true. In the land of fools the biggest fool is king.
Yes, I was blocked for losing patience with you, and what I did then would constitute personal attack. Honest outspoken criticism that is based on fact is permitted though, and the shameless hate speech expressed here deserves more than just vocal criticism. As for you, I'll discuss you elsewhere. This isn't the place for that.
HaHaHA 

Check out my edits you morons. Look real close. It's just the tip of the iceberg too. There are many others. Have fun!
"

  BREAKING NEWS!!!! I KNOW THIS IS ONLY FOR THE FRONT PAGE, BUT THIS DESERVES IT!!!!!!!!!!  

 Okay. First let me start off by saying that people DO post breaking news, etc. on here. Like t on sept 11th 2001, etc. 
   
  Anyway there is this new website called ""i-doser.com"" where you can virtually take drugs, such as marijuana, heroin, pills to make it so you can have lucid dreams, etc.""  
   
People this is extremely serious. I mean we have to make like an article about this or SOMEHTING. Hello you idiots. I mean what if little 8 year olds kids do this eh?  WE are going to make an article about this. Let's discuss it here.  "
Who would even care about swearing anyway. Whoa they said a naughty word better tell mummy and daddy. Well you didn't state that in your edit did you? nope...so looks like i found the idiot on my wikipedia page not in a mirror. Tough words behind a computer screen. I think my judgement is right since your other edits have been considered vandalism.
Borgy (talk) 09:13, 10 February 2009 (EST)
I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE
^^^Couldn't have put it better myself. Continue to troll, my delusional, moronic friend. And sexual remarks? Maybe you just take things that apply to you personally.....don't know what else to tell you to do other than perhaps therapy and in the extreme case that your perversions can't be stopped; castration.
yo 

what is your problem, motherucker?
Interesting. We do read the same paper. Let us discuss each other's sexual depravity, your Republican homo-ness and my Democratic butch-ness.
"You lying SOB==   
- ""I don't focus on single articles or wikiprojects; mostly I just tweak an article when I see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions."" ~Kasreyn   
-    
- You've stalked the Insane Clown Posse page for years now, and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis, but violate your ""Juggalo outlook."" I'm sure you've noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band ICP; complaints originating from multiple wikipedians. Ever consider stepping back, and letting unbiased editors take the reins of ICP?   
-    
- Here's some food for thought, have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didn't want to lose credibility because of slander? 

=="
I heard Mark Kermode say today that Turbo was rubbish, and he's never *cough* wrong! He doesn't like F1 but he loved Senna and liked Rush as well.
so they finally got you huh? youre the reason I no longer edit wikipedia with a username you abusive prick, seeing you're desysopped just made my day134.208.33.104
Don't threaten or harass me! I will file a lawsuit on wiki, you are currently in violation of your own TOS. Trust me I will be talking to a lawyer!  We will see who win's this battle. Take note! Retribution is here!
Restored, ought to be 

This article ought to be restored to the original version of years, the one we had before the p*rverts and kikes took over.
Well,Goodbuy ISIS Terrorist.You will be block by 1 minute.118.101.61.104
Err.. no, there really is'nt any objectionable content on this show.  Are you thinking of Beavis and Butthead?
ThisYou are 22 years older than your husband! You are an old cougar!ions
Albanians are terrorists 

I know that all albanians (with little a) are terrorists. Since they burned 300 churches, supported terrorist, can't let Serbs live on their land (Serbian Kosovo), slaughtered and burned Serbian children allive (Serbian babies Sava from Prizren in 1999. and Marija from Gnjilane in 1998.), destroyed Serbian cemeteries etc. All albanians are terrorists, devil's nation that have no history, culture (look at their flag).
Yes a blog! Yes a Realtor site !  

No those sites are not spam you nazi!  You don't live here, so YOU HAVE NO CLUE!

Both of those sites have a local buzz to them.  The crime blog has be exposed many times as an ingenius idea.  It was started to showcase how many repeat violent offenders are given slaps on the wrist.   Very useful to someone wanting info about Charlotte

The realtor site is a company that has been featured on the news for helping fraud victims.   They were recognized by NC State represenative Deborah Ross.    Considering most real estate companies are crooks, its good to highlight one that is not.

Everything that was there, expanded on important details not covered by the article.

That city-data forum is one of the best places to get accurate data from locals.  It's a very strict forum.. there are no advertisements.

Carolina Nightlife is hands down the best Charlotte nightlife resource guide out there.  There is nothing relevant discussing anything about nightlife.  You can't expect to believe that your NARROW VIEW of what you believe is appropriate applies to everyone.  It doesn't!

You are a scumbag!   You ban me prematurely, and then tell me to discuss it.  How am I supposed to do that when I am banned??   I'm glad you clowns love the little power trip you get.   You don't know Charlotte, your selective enforcement policies are BULLSHIT, and you don't follow rules you are entrusted to enforce.
"

LOL! I got so caught up in being right that I lost my head for a minute. I forget that for a lot of people, all they have for their claims of professional writing IS Wikipedia, and they'll froth and snap over that crap like babies with their toys. Keeping the article just adds to the ""Wikipedia is a joke"" thing. Not my problem.  "
get me pregnant again.''
So many children to abuse - so little time
Uh, yeah it does, dumbass. Haven't you ever edited an article before to make it wordier and harder to understand?
Stop Warning me
You can't vandalize the sandbox noobarino
BUSH US EVIL, HE'S SELFISH AND VERY SHORT TEMPERED. HE SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN CONTROL OF A PET SHOP LET ALONE A NATION ! AND HE CLAIMS TO BE THE MAIN FORCE IN A WAR ON TERRORISM, FOR ONE, WAR IS TERRORISM ITSELF, HOW CAN HE BE HAPPY WITH WHAT HE'S DONE. THIS SIMPLY PROVES TO ME THAT THIS WORLD IS UNDER DODGY AUTHORITY, THE PEOPLE IN CONTROL KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE DOING TO THE WORLD AND THE LIVES ON IT. I'M NOT GOING TO STAND BY AND WATCH AS MORE OF MY FELLOW LIFE FORMS GET TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF AND BLATANTLY UNDER MIND.

TAKE THE FIRST STEP TODAY AND CLAIM NO PART IN ANY MAN MADE RELIGION, CUT ALL TIES FROM ANY HUMAN AUTHORITY, ITS ALL ABOUT DECLARING YOURSELF A SON OF GOD, THE ONLY RELIGION IN THIS WORLD IS LIFE, TREAT LIFE AS YOUR RELIGION AND RELIGION AS LIFE. ITS SIMPLE, ITS NOT ABOUT JUDAISM OR CATHOLISM, ITS NOT ABOUT BEING ENGLISH OR MEXICAN, ITS EVEN ABOUT BEING RICH OR POOR. ITS ABOUT EXCEPTING WHAT OUR JOBS AS HUMANS ARE, TO LOOK AFTER EARTH AND EACH OTHER. THEN WE WILL REAP THE BENIFITS OF LIFE BY BEING FAIR TO ONE ANOTHER AND HAVING TOTAL FREEDOM, NOT THIS CHEAP FREEDOM GIFTED TO US THROUGH DEMOCRACY ! HA ! FORGET ABOUT DEMOCRACY ITS ALL ABOUT GOD AND LIFE ! CLAIM NOTHING FROM THOSE SILLY MAN MADE RELIGIONS, MADE UP TO GAIN MEMBERS AND STRENGTHEN A FORCE. LOVE FOREVER AND YOU WILL LIVE FOREVER.

taken from 'the book of life' by Joe Belcher
Stay in the closet.
It is not redundant. You are redundant.
This is bull**** this is Y2K all over again!!!!!! this is all **** just to make little kids scared. If I ever meet the guy who brought this whole topic to the world I'll kick his teath in and shove his ****'n fact up his *** so he should shut the **** up and get his fact straight before scaring kids! **** OFF! and **** YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"
He is a washout.  Do you have any facts to prove that he is not a washout?  Fine, in AR 635-200, he'll be declared ""unsuitable"".  But he's still a washout.
It's pretty obvious you're fighting hard to defend this guy from the ""VAST RIGHT WING CONSPIRACY"" that you are claiming.  There is no vast right wing conspiracy.  There is this jackass that has lied to the American People and slandered all those in the uniform for his own gain.  "
I'm sick of your Britanniphobic edits!

I'm getting extremely sick of your avowedly Britanniphobic edits especially in relation to my numismatic articles! Please stop this at once! - ( )
"
 Your claims of ""weasel wording"" are lies and attempts to poison the well. -  ✉ "
It doesn't matter what I think.  I'm a big retarded antisemite.  I'm-a go throw myself in front of an sixteen-wheeler with the grill covered in razor wire and video-tape it for you.  People will find the lone tripod on the side of the road, see the video, think it's lulzy, then put it on YouTube for posterity.
And THAT's my last post.  WilliamH, sorry for wasting your time.  Everyone else, search 'antisemite vs. truck' on the YT in a few days.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait, THAT one was.  No wait.......    Okay, THAT one was.
"

God damn, it doesn't matter IF I DO provide proof. As you will put a pro-russian spin on it anyway.
As you and your russian buddies did already numerous times. 

The reason this pro-russian bias on this article keeps reoccuring is because Ymblanter is an admin and possibly other pro-russian admins are allowing this. Also, your lack of understanding of a Neutral Point of View doesn't help either.

Tricky situatian you got yourself into here, shame that I don't have the time or the motivation to meddle is pointless discussions with people who are brainwashed into thinking that they have nothing to do with Crimea by their own government. 

Just open any site that isin't Russia Today, and you'll see the real situation in Crimea and not what Ymblanter or any of your russian buddies are trying to portray here. I've had numerous discussions with pro-russians and I know that you don't have the capabilities to think by yourself, even If you had - Ymblanter would come in and adjust it to give a false impression of russian ""uninvolvement"" in the matter. Apologists, the lost of you

Have fun posting propaganda, I've already informed other admins about this editing policy abuse
86.13.221.231  "
So saying that Bible is the BELIEF of Christians is now nonsense. Clearly, you are a bigoted Bible-thumper. Stop calling science as vandalism.
"

""Learn grammar first""
Unfortunately your pedantry is still flawed - http://www-personal.umich.edu/~jlawler/aue/a-an.html.  Congratulations on spotting my 'has' / 'have' typo in the discussion thread where I do not carefully proof read everything I type.  If you invest some more time, I'm certain you'll find others.

Regardless, you'll need to work harder to achieve your aspiration to ""crush my opponent's soul, ego, self-esteem"".  I wonder, do you feel that your god is proud of this goal you have set yourself?   

 You gleefully claim to be 'evil' (whatever that means) and then accuse me of painting you as evil?  Which do you want?  It can't be both.  I need add nothing else to demonstrate the depth of intellect and rational thought that you have to work with.  You confirm my assumption of Christians (note: the apostrophe you used is erroneous) - confused, irrational, angry and easily moved to hysteria.  Your user page should be referenced as an example for 'Loser'.   "
"
And not arguing semantics is the last defence of someone who knows they are wrong or won't admit they are wrong. If I understand AGK correctly, he believes I was attempting to be malicious. He assumed I was saying something that I wasn't trying to. Instead of saying ""it was not constructive"" (which is untrue and not blockable) he backed his block by implying that I meant something I did not. There are no semantics about it. AGK simply does not believe me when I say it was simple wordplay. So how about you go tell everyone in that section that it was not collaborative? It obviously was since they responded. AGK is the one who had a knee-jerk reaction to it. All that was needed was ""Dude, 'cancer' can be taken the wrong way. Strike it or get blocked."" Instedd he waited until HOURS after I had edited to make a 24 hour block. So don;t argue semantics with me: Jusitify your poor reaction. Not punitive my ass.  01:30"
Bite me. In the butt.  (talk - )
THEN DON'T SPEND ANY MORE TIME ON THIS.  TANSTAAFL.  YMMV.  THIS IS NOT POV.  YOU ARE AND WERE WRONG.  I WAS RIGHT.  HAVE A NICE DAY. GET A CLUE.
yada yada yada...OR THE BIG BAD DUDE WILL YELL...
Hebrew Name of Lydia 
Appologies to Til Eulenspiegel I thought you were one of the idiots which your user page indicates you actually do well struggling against. 
Genesis 10:יג  וּמִצְרַיִם יָלַד אֶת-לוּדִים וְאֶת-עֲנָמִים, וְאֶת-לְהָבִיםוְאֶת-נַפְתֻּחִים.TAB13 And Mizraim begot Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
You see Ludim are from Mitzraim not to be confused with Lud son of Shem (in the far east).
Best wishes and keep up the good work.81.103.121.144
Fully  

My edit to the Stephen Lawrence article is fully sourced to the old version of the Met web-site.
Silly liar.
. This encyclopedia is stained with Satan hypocrisy and bias. Massive anti-truth filter
.  My hope is that Sue fixes some of this crap.  New sheriff in town and all that
I wonder if this niggaaarr pussiieee remembers me.
Oi twat why are you editing my segments? Todd Howard is a twat hence why I said so.
You need psychological help, IP editor. The WP:PWNers of this Talk Page are enabling your neurosis at the expense of everyone else who might actually have something of value to add to the discussion. For some odd reason, they are willing to allow you to drown out any reasonable discussion. Perhaps they are afraid of you, or perhaps have't the spin to tell you where to go... You're a sad case, and you really need to shave the neck-beard and get out of Mom's Basement, there is more to life than tentacle porn. 75.172.9.64
AND ON TOP OF THAT  eh, you're not worth it.
Hey Scumbag 

U.S. Azeris Network doesn't appear to be notable, however Azerbaijan State Telegraph Agency, Today.az and International Security Research and Intelligence Agency all appear to be reasonably reliable sources who are unlikely to mis-report an event like this. John Vandenberg (chat) 

well, just read this you baboon:

http://armenianow.com/news/22876/echmiadzin_refutes_azeri_information
YOU MESS WITH MY MAN BIGGIE SMALLS YOU MESS WITH ME
Whew.. ) I would never normally do that, ever ever. It just seemed appropriate for the message. I do have a problem though, I'm pretty sure I've already registered fat-fingered-idiot.com, or at least I have prior claim due to my extensive experience in the field. )
"
Please, don't play the victim here.  If anything you are the person who is out to do anything you can to pick this article apart and get your perfered version or delete everything and damned the torpedos.  You are no victim, you are the agressor in all this.  You are the cause for not one, but two protections on this page so far and probably more to come.  We have been more than willing to engage in discussion, but when that discussion doesn't go your way, you throw a hissy fit and delete something.  You should be blocked, banned, tarred, feathered, and sent to the gallows for the way you have acted. -  • Talk • "
"
... WTF? That... doesn't make sense at all. Look, let's get off the superman metaphor and back to discussing the article, please. — Bite "
Hi 

Dear Sikhs,

I would request all you all to please help me in exposing Sikh Scholar, who actually is an RSS sponsered person pretending to be Sikh, please see below the kind of statements he makes to me

Wow wow so the truth is finaly out....you have spoken like a true Hindu RSS wala......is that the way a scholar speaks...wow...(my answere to him)

(Sikh Scholars comments to me)....... stupid dumb FU*K MY great great great great grandfather was Mani Singh the greatest of Sikh matrys. Its scum like you that needs to be executed. You deserve execution - you stupid dumb fu*k everyone in my family over 500 members are Baptized Khalsa SIKHS. We have been Khalsa Sikhs for over 300 years you dumb fu*ker. Because you have insulted me and broken the teachings of the Guru Granth Sahib you deserve death -you dumb fu*ker.Sikh scholar (talk) 

(my answere to him)...Now I will be after you to expose all your RSS gang pretending to be Sikhs and being some kind of expert in Sikh religion...it my promise to you Fake scholar...

 
He is being supported by few other RSS sponsered members in Wikipedia with regards to SINGH article here.
you deleted my page 
and i am extrememly mad and i feel damaged
 i am not happy
In the UK as of March 2006, 58% of AIDS sufferers have contracted it from sex between gay males.
a f c chickenley said mr ashley hunt the first manager
pervert, 

ps karl swithwnbank wrothe this not littledan9999
"

 Marketing/Magement Stuff  || Gmail 

Cool! In that case I'm definitely going to dig up some of my works in that field. 

Now not to be an ass, but I am going to ask it anyway; Could u please send me an Invite?

Kind regards,

Adriaan

P.S. I'll let you know when I found something good and posted it, hopefully you could ""judge"" it as well!"
EWWWWWWWW 

That's all I have to say.  Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww.  Can't we get the point across without such icky pictures.  I mean the article on childbirth doesn't show a photo of the kid's head coming out of the vagina!
If you disrespect others, you only disrespect yourself.
(UTC)

It comes from the seventh layer of hell and thats where it should stay, gross!  18:19, 9 September 2006
Yes it is. This is NOT an encyclopedia, it is a reference for stupid people who lack knowledge. Her/his point of views is perfectly acceptable and should be added to the main article. Thanks
What is your problem Man? 

Why do you have to get involved in editing and just barge in like that. You know that is extremely rude and i don't like it.
- I'm not a spy - he huffed impatiently. - I was just born here.

Simon made a clicking sound with his tongue and shook his head - Would've been a good idea to mention that before, don't you think?

Tom couldn't say it wasn't. Fact was, at the end of the day, people who stood by and followed him got screwed because of him being reckless. This was the mother of all deja vus.

- I'm taking the deal. - he finally said. - You two are going home.

- And after that, what?

- There is no after that. That's it. End of story.

- What the hell do you mean end of story? - Mel protested. - We're a freaking team, yo. I say screw those guys and let's get on the first cargo boat outta here. We can do it.

She was going to hate him. Simon wouldn't be happy either, but he'd get it - there was a reason he was still alive, after all. So he shook his head  and turned his back to them and went for the door.

- We're done.
48 hours that's all ?  for calling you a KIKE ?
"
Crap, that's probably not right...I look into the reasons a little later today and modify the time. Thanks for letting me know.   (ʞlɐʇ) "
"know the sex of the foetus"""
Wow. Thanks. Pretty crap reason for deleting it, I made it for my own personal use. Good bye.
These guys like Pascerboy and Sturmvogel are accusing me of OR, but they're violating OR by giving their own definition of what a war is. If you're going to block me, block them, too. Quite frankly, they're over the line by saying this is a war and taht's not a war. One of them deleted Battle of Bear Valley, the last conflict in the American Indian Wars. Block them, too.
"

Would you just do me a favor though and stop harassing me! I have reported you, and there will be something coming to you soon. I don't care that you have the ""Stupid Original Barnstar"", but that doesn't mean that you can harass me."
"
You omitted ""I am a c*nt"" also. Happy to be of service."
Mind your own business 

And stop changing messages to others that are not directed at you. Wikipedia is already a scam, do not contribute to it. 65.27.204.71
do not tell me to delete stuff you stinker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why? 
All hail the WikiNazi known as Anetode!
TougHHead 

Keep your mouth shut about him or he will keep on avoiding blocks and delete the category that list the IPs and Usernames of him.(69.228.37.218  )
"She's not ""White"" or Caucasian for that matter, a Castizo is just a lighter skinned Mestizo.   

"
Hard to be constructive when the other party behaves like a godking thug.
George Washington had 2 on the vine. Two sets of testicles, so divine.
Zip It! 

I don't care to hear your whining.  Clearly, you are here to cause discord, not to contribute anything useful to the project.
amelia earhart was a prostitute that live on broadway.
"48, 3 November 2010 (UTC)
Although shitting on me isnt exactly making me want to demand that the withdrawal be respected. nableezy - 21:"
News Alert Todst Gets New Barnstar 

For Being Gay
"

 You  have no life or friends and all the other admin.s laugh about you behind your back 

  The Award of the Arabian Barnstar  I hereby award you with the Award of the Gay Barnstar due to your incredible gayness and lack of having a life or friends, والسلام عليكم"
LOTHAT VON TROTHA WAS POISONED, THAT'S WHAT CONTAMINATION IS! YOU GET TYPHOID FEVER ONLY THROUGH POISONED FOOD OR DRINK!
"

 UNBLOCK ME YOU ASSHOES! 

{{unblock|HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA UNBLOCK ME OR I WILL VANDALISE MORE!!!!

It had been six years since we had graduated from college, and for the first time since graduation, all three of us were together again. From the enthusiastic hugs at the airport and then the conversation and laughter during the dinner we shared at a local restaurant on the way to my home, it was clear that while plenty of time had passed and we had kept in contact, the comfort and attraction between the three of us when all together in the same physical location was still undeniable.

Having returned to my cozy, semi-secluded home in the suburbs, we all sat in the living room, sipping wine and continuing the tales of our lives. With the exceptions of the location – a house – and the presence of alcohol, it could have been any of our final two years of college together: The three of us, tight-knit friends-with-benefits, sitting and chatting and sharing a drink together. Then, Justine and Beth had been roommates while I lived in another dorm across the main quad; now, they were much-welcomed guests who had fortunately been able to clear time in their hectic schedules to come and visit me for a weekend.

As I sat in the recliner and took another sip of wine, I allowed my eyes to truly linger on Justine as she told Beth about a recent situation at work. The Florida sun had certainly added a glow to Justine's skin, and may have also been responsible for the lighter shade of her shoulder-length brown hair. As when we were in college together, she wore virtually no make-up, just a thin gloss upon her lips – an enticing strawberry flavor, as I had discovered upon meeting her at the airport earlier in the evening – and red fingernails. Her red dress was indeed elegant, with a plunging sequined neckline that permitted a very welcome display of her cleavage, a display which Beth and I both certainly appreciated. The long slit up the skirt of the dress revealed that she was wearing stockings held up by a garter belt, one of its descending white straps definitely noticeable against the well-toned thigh. The red heels provided enough of a contrast for the white stockings to truly attract the eyes. Surprisingly, however, she wore hoop earrings, something she had never worn during college for fear that they would pull at her ears and widen the piercing holes more than was considered safe.

The conversation turned back toward me, but a few minutes later, the two beautiful young women were again chatting primarily to each other. I took the opportunity to once again study Beth, and was equally impressed. While noticeably shorter than Justine, Beth was also paler in complexion, a testament to living in northern Canada ever since graduation and spending virtually every waking moment inside to conduct her research. As in college, Beth preferred the color black for her outfits: a somewhat-tight sweater, form-fitting slacks, and a pair of low heels. Four tiny earrings adorned each ear, plus she bore a small sparkling stud against her left nostril. Beth's black hair flowed over her shoulders and down her front, and she absently twirled several strands around a finger as she listened to Justine.

It felt so good to be in their presence once again. Especially since all three of us had been in several failed relationships since graduating from college, I was thankful that I had thought to invite them to spend the weekend with me. I had absolutely no doubt that our chatter would eventually give way to intimacy, but for now, I was quite content to simply sit back in the recliner and openly admire the two stunning beauties perched upon the sofa.

The intimacy began when we finally went to bed... together. I was on my back under the covers, with a very feminine head resting softly upon each shoulder. An arm wrapped around each of them, I held the two women close to me as they absently stroked my bare chest, dipped a finger into my navel, brushed my thighs through the sweatpants I typically wore to bed, caressed my stiffening manhood. My eyes closed, I reveled in their touches: inherently familiar, yet full of rediscovery due to the lengthy passage of time.

No words were needed. And as their hands occasionally made contact with each other upon me, I smiled to myself in the darkness, having always enjoyed watching Beth and Justine in their own intimate encounters. But eventually, their touches slowed and ultimately ceased, their breathing falling into the regularity associated with sleep. I stayed awake a little longer, immensely enjoying the closeness with two of the people who had been most important in my life.

I awoke in the morning to the scent of French Roast coffee, faint yet unmistakable. Justine was gone, clearly the one who had brewed the morning nectar, while Beth and I held each other as she slept.
Harry the Dirty Dog U are basically on a defaming road here.. This is pure scandal and no other stories have been written about this rumour.. Making rumour into reality .The name of the pgeant and the country Pakistan is enough to make a story interesting..... you have kept on slandering this person with no proper proof. A rumour is not reality!!! Harry the Dirty Dog  has been targeting this page for the longest time, and it is apparent that this person has something personal with this person....

Harry the Dirty Dog  is also making sure that there are no follow ups there. Where is the proof that they have fled the country. How can we trust a rumour. GROW UP Harry the Dirty Dog  and understand one year has passed, there are no charges, no trial and its all your game against this lady - you have kept the right name for yourself - DIRTY DOG SUITS YOU!

There will be a proper study of this.... and we will see where you libel and slander goes 
Sonisona
albert einstine was a foorball player for the space aliens on jupiter. he was actually a homo in denial. he fell in love with his own dad at age 23 and later went on to take him on dates. einstine was a mad evil scientist that plotted to destroy the world but was murdered by hitler because he was a pain in the butt.
"

 scripts 

""punchy dialogue""; ""witty""?  How are the strings of smarmy self-satisfied quips and painfully melodramatic monologues that make up Dawson's Creek scripts in any way punchy or clever?  I agree that the standards of 'POV' shouldn't be quite as high when arts or drama are being discussed (otherwise it's difficult to describe the thing in question) - but stupid POVs are too much.

 "
"

 This is not vandalism. If you look at the quoted text from the notice: ""You may remove this message if you improve the article, or if you otherwise object to deletion of the article for any reason. To avoid confusion, it helps to explain why you object to the deletion, either in the edit summary or on the talk page. If this template is removed, it should not be replaced."" it states that I may remove the notice. Furthermore, I did explain on more than one occasion that I was removing the message because Mais Ouis had failed to provide any explanation as to why it should be deleted and invited them to do so. They didn't. It also states clearly that if the template is removed it should not be replaced and it was. So fuck off. ( )"
the batman kid 

anyone know who this little brat is that posted garbage under storyline? ive tried to edit the page to clean it up, but it isnt displaying as part of the page, although ti clearly is there.
I love to eat black people!
Please Read tHis 

S. dean Jameson called me a pig!  what do I do?
"
Hey, IPadPerson, please try to keep ""fuck"" etc out of edit summaries. They're typically here to stay. Thanks.   "
(Damn it, I forgot to log in. -Brab)
Thank you for being a poopie pants 

All my base are belong to yooioooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooou.  Many people with poopie pants (like you) use their poopie pants to aid in the create process, other people try to imitate poopie pants, but are unsuccessful in shitting themselves (like me).  Anyway, psychologist study people who crap in their drawers for fun and pleasure as well as generating academic journal articles. Two foremost researchers in this field are Rachel Bishop and Meagan P. Storey  they may enjoy eating poop.
OOOOOOOH TEABAG 

OOOOOOOOOOH YER BECAUSE I DID

OH YER
OH YA
OH YES

BECAUSE I DID

WOAH 

TEABAGGED
Black Jesus 

I think he is BLACK JESUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"

Oh tut tut, such unproven accusations are so uncivil, but posturing from a nobody pretending to be a somebody still leaves a nobody. Enjoy being a zero, keyboard hero. If my attacks are ""vicious"" I'd hate to think what you call them when you use hyperbole. Oh wait... Ah well, you know what they say, a horse has more brains than the jockey. I guess that makes you a genius by donkey standards.
Btw, your username is no more ""anonymous"" than an IP – it's still just a nickname in a database that masks your real identity to give you access to an account, so go find another cliché to play with that makes sense ""Mister @  "
I also find it somewhat unimpressive that you closed bith discussions about abuse with comments directed at me rather than the problem of the abuse I submitted. Nicely played, no one wants to enforce abusive admins. And regardless of whether he used his tools abusively in this situation, he has done so many times in the past and he is an abusive editor as are the others I mentioned in the discussion. It would be nice if for once someone was actually willing to do something about that and their passive aggressive bullshit arguments and insults rather than persecute the submitter for being blunt when submitting them to ANI. They are saying the same things (that is calling me an asshole) they are just doing it in a different way. Typical for this site these days.
You know what I think? I think you should take your fancy Wiki and SHOVE IT.
I agree!, just look at the lyrics and you will throw up, how disgusting.]
"
Yes yes, ""personnal attacks"", reacting to homophobic attacks. I am fairly proud about my behavior, despite I am blocked. Lestrade is a genuine silly homophobe, it's a fact    "
reerere 

Kevin Forsyth hates blacks. Kevin Forsyth lives in both of his mothers basement. Kevin Forsyth is Jimmy Wales lover
Do you have a Hitler complex? 

On the 2 Unlimited page, you keep maliciously deleting a section that has everything to do with 2 Unlimited.  The fan club and the author's book discusses 2 Unlimited.  Are you working for the group or do you have some sort of Hitler complex?  The subject matter is directly related to 2 Unlimited.  Now stop deleting it.
BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE BYE
Oh, no apology required! Yes, my user page is complete nonsense. Well, I am English, a Leftist, and male, but the fascism tripe is just pure, immature silliness. One of the reasons I am interested in Greek history is because of their left-wing political history. Please accept a ♥ from me.
"
 Not a bad little essay. It's not that I suck at the game. Rather, I may suck but we will never know because I absolutely refuse to play. Integrity and honesty mean far more to me than the values-free ""civility"" of grade-school gossips, snitches and hall monitors. This is just another minor piece of evidence that bizarro world remains bizarro world."
"

""The Returds Need to GET A LIFE!!!""
Instead of cruising Sheen's Wiki talk page night and day. If you can't handle the truth, eat shit!
Retarded much? Just sayin!  (talk) 1:22, 13 January 2016 (UTC)

""The Amazing Spiderman 2""
Hi, I apologize in advance for not knowing the Wikipedia procedures for this type of thing, but I wanted to point out that ""The Amazing Spider-Man 2"" is listed in his filmography. First, this film did not come out in 2013 as indicated by the table and will not come out until this year, and second, Martin Sheen will not be in ""The Amazing Spider-Man 2"" as 
((SPOILER))

his character, Uncle Ben, was killed in the first movie in the series revamp, ""The Amazing Spider-Man,"" which was a 2013 film.   — Preceding unsigned comment added by 68.57.42.233   "
"

Why in the FVCK would you give a ""love"" sign to a HeadleyDown sockpuppet?"
"Should I have said ""Excuse me, but please don't tell people I'm a paedophile""? "
talk, don't try to threaten me with barring, i don't care at all. The thing here is not whether i did 3 undos or not , the thing is whether those undos were right or not. Just prove me here, that those were wrong and then post something else on my user talk page. Untill then don't waste my time by posting crap things on my talk page
Prove it, it's free country and you do not belong here, everything is simple answer by those who have no brains and now, everything u do is wrong and I will stay here UNTIL COWS COME HOME.
Good morning. Why do you sit at a computer waiting to delete other peoples' additions? The topic I uploaded was of a fictional organisation whose comedy nature DOES appeal to those people blessed with a pulse. Before any of us here could edit/link or expand our article...you deleted it.

It seems to me you are a lonely, Spurs-supporting, bird loving (and to what extent?), non-humourous, southern fairy cake...who probably smells. And whose big dumb face is as dumb as a butt. We sound childish yes, however, we cannot beleive that there are people as pathetic as you lording yourself around the internet. It was people like you, sir, who were responsible for carrying every major dictator and despot of the last century to power on a wave of apathy, ill-humour and rubber-desk-johnny procedure-bound mentral dross. You are, by any reasonable and objective measure, worse than Stalin. You are the reason this world is full of crashing bores!

Please do not delete our article again...Or we will 180 the internet. —The preceding unsigned comment was added by Mike Deathray (talk • contribs) .
WTF 

I changed WTF back into a redirect, since it was just a dictionary def. If you disagree, feel free to change it back, but do it only if you think the article can be more than one or two sentences. Wikipedia discourages creating pages that are only a definition.  (talk··Advise me)
"

 Who writes this Garbage? 

""Known publicly as an experimental group, Garbage used their powerful videos to distort the dimensions of their songs.""  Does any part of that sentence make any sense? The answer is no.

"
STOP YOU HARASSMENT 

I'm getting tired of your cyber stalking 
and your enablers, who reward instead of punishing your 
anti-social, sociopathic behavior.
ive got to tell you that i dont know what you think of this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garolou

but i think it needs to be deleted.  it looks like junk.  it looks like garbage.
what the hell! 

why did you revert my legitimate question about taking down the RSK page!?!
Did you try any calm discussion?  No, you left me no less than 8 templates accusing me of vandalism.  Why are you only apologising for the first one?  You need to explain why you even left that when anyone with half a brain could see that my edit was not vandalism.  Did you even look at what you were reverting?  You reverted twice within the same minute as the edits I made, and when I asked you why () you reverted that within the same minute as well.  When I tried to ask the previous editor who stupidly reverted my edit why he did that, you reverted my edit to his page twice, both times less than a minute after I left it.  How exactly was I supposed to communicate with you?  
Now, User:Qwyrxian, sure I know that civility is a policy.  And I'm always civil if I don't have to deal with idiots who accuse me of vandalism when they just lack the intellect to see what I was doing.  I mean, a 5 year old could tell that none of my edits were vandalism.  It seems obvious to me that reverting constructive edits with offensive accusations of vandalism is much, much more damaging to a project which is supposed to be about creating an encyclopaedia than one person calling another person a fucking idiot.  So I followed the WP:IAR policy. 190.163.3.204
suxk my balls 

sssss
The Neo-Nazis come back again after many years!
"

 Response 

If you look at my ""User contributions"" I never asked anybody, admin, or other wise to ""stick up for me"". Get your facts straight. Stop making idle threats. Go cry to your mother. ~   "
Sitush is some lame dalit hehe. The day I find him I will kalaripayattu all the way up his arse. That's when he would consider mentioning kalaripayattu in the lead.
This is pure tripe stolen from their bio on their official website, which is outdated by the way. That's bad wiki practice.
"

 Are you, like, nuts? Telling the Irish that they are British and live in what British rightwing nutjobs term the ""British Isles"" is about as obtuse as the British can get. That British viewpoint is clearly the minority viewpoint, a term which reflects the inability of a certain British underclass to get over the rapid decline of British power and prestige in the past 80 years. And if you are so sure that it is a ""minority viewpoint"" in Ireland, then perhaps you'll find this term plastered all over the place by Irish politicians and media, not to mention official government statements supporting its use and the incorporation of this term in international treaties between the government of Ireland and your own government? Oh, guess what! It's nowhere to be seen. Wow, I wonder why. 86.42.71.111  "
SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURITYFUCK HOMELAND SECURI
"*IT DOESNT MATTER WHO KILLED THEM! IT MATTERS WHETHER OR NOT THEY WERE KILLED EXPLICITLY IN THE NAME OF GOD/ALLAH. IN ALL OF THE CASES YOU MENTIONED, IT WAS NOT IN THE NAME OF GOD. YES THEY WERE HORRIBLE ACTS BUT EVERY RACE AND CREED COMMITS HORRIBLE ACTS. THE QUESTION IS WHETHER OR NOT IT IS DONE BECAUSE THE PERPETRATORS THOUGHT IT WOULD PLEASE GOD. FOR EVERYTHING YOU MENTIONED, THE ANSWER IS NO. EVERYTHING MUSLIMS HAVE DONE IN THE PAST 1300 YEARS, INCLUDING CONQUERING MUCH OF THE WORLD, VIOLENTLY I MIGHT ADD, KILLING AND RAPING AND LOOTING DEFEATED ENEMIES (ALL OF WHICH IS SANCTIONED BY THE KORAN, NO LESS) HONOR KILLINGS, STONINGS, BEHEADINGS, HANGINGS, MURDERS, DECAPITATIONS, AND FULL SCALE WARFARE, ALL IN THE NAME OF GOD! AND DON'T POINT TO THE CRUSADES AS CHRISTIAN ""AGGRESSION"". THE CRUSADES WERE THE RESPONSE TO CENTURIES OF MUSLIM AGGRESSION.

"
See ya
It sure sucks to have 50 edits reverted in a minute. TTFN (Ta Ta For Now).89.205.38.27
Like I said: Vacuous drivel and patent nonsense!. There is a skill to talking out of your arse and you have certainly mastered it, IZAK
"== Give A Fuck ==
Thank you for experimenting with Wikipedia by creating the page Give A Fuck. Your test worked, and has been or will soon be removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do. Take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia.  (aeropagitica) "
No it is not, I did not use a slur, I stated that he may have a conflict of interest. I didn't know how else to put it. Drmies called me an idiot, thats a clear personal attack. And you have a Pro-Israel decal on your page, which means you have a conflict of interest. I want to take this up with ARB-COM, there should NOT be a double standard for admins breaking the rules, OR a double standard for Pro-Israel/Jewish wiki matters. This is not a place for Zionism.
Is this the same loser that got booted off of the reality show 'America's Got Talent' for doing nothing but bouncing around half naked screeching a violin and moaning in a terrible falsetto??  If it is, the article should mention that.  Millions saw that while only a handful saw the 'Academy Award winning documentary' *snicker* for God's sake.65.69.81.2
Now you need to put an explantion of the tag on the talk page. I don't need this shit anymore and want away from Wikipedia and it's insane concept. Good luck with article.
Hi Hitler! ,,, vandalismo isn`t put here image_flag = Flag of Morocco.svg] , its thre , you are pro-Morroco, and hate saharawis
November 2013
This is the final, the - THIS IS THE VERY VERY LAST STRAW!!! I DEMAND TO KNOW WHO'S RESPONSIBLE!!! SHOW YOURSELF!!! I DEMAND YOU SHOW YOURSELF!!! BECAUSE YOU DELEATING CHRONOLGY FROM THAT PAGE YOU LITTLE BRAT!!!! 199.96.246.132
CalendarWatcher is a pedophile, child molester. on his computer is approximately 3 Gigs of child pornography and sexual depravity. This guy seriously RAPES little kids and video tapes it to sell in Russia.66.82.9.104
GRR THIS IS MY TALK PAGE.  I SAY WHAT GOES HERE.  I SHOOT PEOPLE FOR TRESPASSING ON MY TALK PAGE.
"
Smear of James Philip Bio
What are you trying to do, place a garbage truck and dump all this old stuff down on this bio?... All of the partisan  yellow journalism crap which newspapers like to engage in these days.    All of this, over the years has resulted in NOTHING.  Nothing. All of the speculations, which the press engaged has come of nothing. Can you cite when Pate was trialled, convicted, and sentenced by the courts? NO.  Again, The stuff you cite is 5 years old or older and no actions by the state was ever taken against James Philip, personally?  Well, what you have here is a technique is called ""The BIG LIE""  Just because you don't like the man, and just because you can cited tons of minutia don't make it true, right or meeting WP:BLP, WP:UNDUE WP:ATK In the end there seems the need of some editors here who has such hatred for this man to use such zeal to destroy Pate's reputation.  See WP:TEND Why such hatred for this man?  "
Taylor Swift Album 

Todelete the names ESHERANN and GarLighbo from Wikipedia the can not have guest appearance they must be Hall Of Fame singers to delete all the names no guest appearance was a mistake with ESHERRAAANNN and read all the messages READ and do never give your own kidding interviews you kidding joke Taylor Swift understand READ THE MESSAGES all READ !
To delete all about TiMc and debut too and all and to delete all and submitting comments FaceBook and Twitter too with your name nothing to do gave you the chance to be the wife you have to do that girls got the chance like you can not have that all impossible against the LAW and JUSTICE and Supreme Justice Court USA understand and international justice of human rights you worked and working against th rights you all and your family to delete all understand and STAY AT HOME ! There is no American Music Awards  you kidding joke ! Stay at home ! understand !!!!!! You are the first working against the messages you are sick and disturbed i ruin your life and your future and you the rest of the life you got it all what was that ? Victoria Secret event ? What does it mean ? STAY AT HOME ? !!!!! STAY AT HOME !!!!!!!!! Do you understand me you bitch and you bitch Andrea Swift what did i tell you and Scott Swift and you all STAY AT HOME she is sick Taylor Swift Stay at home ! INTERVIEWS ! in front of the cameras Taylor Swift and Family Swift you got it all interviews and to delete all the names from the sites and movies and videos and pictures and all to delete all understand me all and new clean Wiki all new and all to delete and the interviews ! NOW has the meaning now ! NOW ! you got it two weeks ago  interviews about the KIDS and MathGrGR and all and all the names to talk about and all are jokes and my FANS and read all the messages READ all the messages Read all the messages Read READ READ READ READ READ READ READ all the messsages you are sick and disturbed the whole family and Scott Borchetta i fuck you in pschiatry you are fired and going in psychiatey read that all i fuck you you bitch that is  promiss who told you VIctoria Sicret what was your possition UNiversal you are leaving RESTAURANT now leaving i fuck you bitch understand !

 Listen bitch i am crazy you are working around the clock against the messages you bitch who told you to go to Victoria Secret.... Faschion what does it mean you bitch November 7 you got it all to stay at home too what do you doing on the event you bitch game is over and when i am telling you to stay at home you bitch that has the meaning to stay at home do you understand me you bitch who told you to go on Victoria Secret who told you that you bitch and you bitch Scott Swift and Andrea Swift who told you that ? what does it mean you family Swift and you all there   is Scott Borchetta there go away you are fired in the Media you have no licence more and you have to leave Machine now you got it i put you all in psychiatry the rest of the life do you understand me you all and you Taylor Swift i put you the rest of the life in psychiatry  what does it mean you bitch Victoria Secret ? event   to stay at home has the meaning to stay at home   YOUR parents and you are leaving now the media and going to a ranch forever i fuck you the rest of the life you bitch what does it mean to work against the messsages you bitch   TO STAY AT HOME HAS THE MEANING TO STAY AT HOME do you understand me you bitch  THE ACTORS got it i kicked your ass forever i fuck you bitch what does it mean to work against the messages what does it mean you bitches and you bitch Taylor Swift  and in front of the cameras to stay and talk about all messages you got it in front of the cameras you bitch can you not read you bitch  can you not understand americanish can you not read   and interviews too  was a mistake to take somebody from a casting show to the productions that is not allowed LAW to cut all and release the RED album and the interviews EDSHEERAAN is disgusting he is a casting act and he can not be on the producttions who´s idea was that  looks like yours you bitch and your games read all the messages again and STAY AT HOME has the meaning STAY AT HOME you bitch do you understand me you bitch all to release and what does it mea Victoria Sectret event can you not read you bitch STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME i fuck you bitch interview and you all dropped me in the situation i am waiting for somebody with ID to go you bitches and you bitch and your games what does it mean Victoria Secret event and a model diss you  answer the model she is a joke she is a only catwalk model a joke and not my level to diss me understand you bitch interviews and what does it mean when i am telling you STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME STAY AT HOME and what do you doing event British Got Talent and X-Factor what is that ? what kind of shit is that ? what do you doing ? and the concert what
This article is a puff piece for Felix Rohatyn, a man many regard as a Nazi worm.
"== Hey bobo ==

  It's rofl falafel   "
Access Denied to the pursuit of truth 

Bigee and Piano01 - do you have anything better to do with your time? - I was developing a fully comprehensive work on the Northern Territory Police, largely for my own education as I am undergoing recruitment. Because of your shortsighted pedantic and stupid attitude now there is virtually no information available at one source for anyone seeking it. You people are real morons. You have cleaned up nothing - its downright vandalism. May you both have a concealed disease that manifests itself as lukemia or AIDS.
Um... okay. Those ARE the rules though. And thanks's for not being as idiotic as that guy Jack Merridew is. He edited my own userpage!
Hi  

Luke's Ass.

How you doin' ?
STOP IT 

THIS IS THE WIKIPEDIA.  STOP INSERTING YOUR RIDICULOUS POV.  ~CaliforniaDreamlings
I'd rather he took the time to report me than write to an opinion nazi saying sorry.
"

 ""Encyclopedic value is negligible"" 

You're talking absolute crap. The Wikipedia page on the shooting is over 20,000 words long, and the article on the trial is well over 15,000. You're also pretty ignorant if you think it's only been reported in the US, it's been getting coverage on the BBC daily. I'd love to know how you tell a ""media hype up"" from a 'real' story, but I'm guessing you've never thought that long about it at all, as often happens when people just open their mouths and let any old crap fall out."
This movie 
This movie will always suck, no matter how much this article tries not to be bias!
Seriously, this movie was named one of the worst movies of all time. I doubt anyone here has watched this movie or atleast more than half way through it.
"

Disregard
Might I add that he started it? Read the comments on my talk page and you'll see, if not check HIS history. Iw as being nice and giving tips to him. All of a sudden he attacks me and calls me a vandal. It was in my defence that I retaliate back. You'll also notice he hasn't deleted the message I left on his talkpage thus making me look bad. If anything you just don't get the gist of what he is trying to do. He reverts my edits from the page without explanation. So in other words he is an asshole and you'r praise earns little weight on Wikipedia. I have a right to defend myself. And my comments are not uncivil merely strong criticism. He's an asshole because he acts like a retard.  Talk Contribs "
Binksternet is an anti-Semitewho loves telling lies about Jews and who supports Islamic terrorism. 

Binksternet is an anti-Semitewho loves telling lies about Jews and who supports Islamic terrorism.
Accept my apology! 

Accept my apology THIS MINUTE you big, fat noob (this is doughnuthead talking,and if you don't think so, tough.)78.144.87.71
WHO CARES WIKIPEDIA IS NOT A PLACE FOR INDIVIDUAL PERSONAL ATTACKS, HOW DOES ALL THIS EVEN RELATE TO PATRICK BURI ???? CAN ANYONE GO ON WIKIPEDIA AND START bs PAGES AND INSULTS. SO MOVE ON WITH THIS BS , START A NEW PAGE FOR THIS PERSON.
Spellings
As I just said to larrymac, whoever that guy is he is either doing it on purpose or is an idiot. Either way, someone should tell him to type properly. Its not that hard.
"

 A cup of coffee for you! 

  get fuckd with coffee   "
Thanks for being an ass when I tried to help.  CFHS grad.
You are a frickin' shittroll! 

I hate you, Meters! I have provided reliable sources such as Motor Trend and Yahoo Answers. Go be immature somewhere.
i know your racist,just admit it!
HE IS NOT A PORN PRODUCER
"

If you are going to antagonize other people, you are going to have to learn to deal with the repercussions. As far as me calling you an ""asshole"", If the shoe fits, wear it, !  

 vandalism of this article 
By his unwarranted removal of NON-SPAM links,  is vandalizing this article. Hey Phil, I'd like to ask that you refrain from future vandalism of this page. Failure to do so will result in me doing everything possible to have your wikipedia account blocked. By the way, isn't it foolish to use your real name as your wikipedia user name? ;-)  "
Wikipedia is the worst idea ever.  It will never work out.  I'm looking forward to the day that Jimmy Wales hangs himself because he's the world's biggest heap of fail since the Pony Express.  Or Zima.
The article was added by Potters House for deletion purely out of personal spite because I had contributed to it in the past. In other words, just nuisance activity. I consider that a relevant background fact worth sharing, together with the pasted evidence of his past behavior to back it up. You consider it merely 'personal attack'. That's where we diverge, and, to confine my comments to purely content: your pathetic mealy mouthed little edit isn't worthy of my piss, let alone my time.
Because Gwernol is incompetent as an administrator and has falsely blocked me for a crime I didn't commit!
to be honest with you, if you don't tell me a way to contact a higher up authority in this (abusive, dictatorial, biased) establishment, I don't give a damn that you blocked me, yoopeedooo. you can proceed now
"

======================================================================================================
Okay with regards to that last little comment: How about you try choking on my balls you over 
excitable ancient. Forgive my antagonism but I give only as much as I receive, and I have most 
certainly received a substantial quantity from you. You may try to come across as a cool headed and fair moderator. In reality I would liken you more to a tyrant; nay to an immature little boy, despite your years (oh and so many of them there are). Without hardly a glance you toss aside any changes you can't verify with the limitless tome you assume your mind to be. And what of those whose revisions you've mindlessly reverted, you dispatch to them on mass pseudo-endearments and generic warnings such as the one seen above. I will admit to you that I have committed much wiki-vandalism in the past such as my early editing of Neil Peart but how is it that you cannot overlook the past and accept the legitimate revisions and improvements I and others have been making. I stand by my edit regarding Charles Nohh though I have given up trying to penetrate you tightly closed mind (which I will add in my rage is quite the adverse of what I would say about your wife). Furthermore having calmed myself I should mention a little about who I am. If you can recall (Of this there is little hope) you once likened my writing to that found in ""chat-rooms"" and believe me when I say I did not LOL over that comment. I was at the time of our encounter studying a BA with a major in Creative English Writing. You should note before you jump to the conclusion that I dropped out as I suspect you would in your typical ""angry"" way: not only have I graduated, I continued my study for a further year and obtained honors. I was working at the time as a contributor to a Wellington Based Music Interest Magazine, and had convinced the Fuehrer (my editor) to publish an article I wrote on Rush. It was while I was researching for this article that I came across the information which I added to the Neil Peart article. So thanks to you my small contribution was only read by the handful of New Zealanders who read my work, when it could have informed in whatever small way the countless many who may have stumbled upon it on the internet. So Thank YOU Anger22. It is your obsession with reversion resulting I must assume in a complete disregard of duty to family or perhaps a complete disconnection from the living world, I say again it is this obsession which keeps this website from being everything it should be. Thank for your tireless efforts. Thank for your senseless, heartless, worthless, and above all tireless efforts. I really do hate you."
You know, for human excrement, you're pretty fast to find vandalism, good job, you have a purpose in life.
Yea Boi 

Hello you took away my edit of Victor Cruz being #80 and you said i had no evidance. well, he is currently number 80. so how does it feel to have that mouth shut? you NEVER come after me AGAIN buddy. how does it feel? seriously? how does it TASTE to know you are only one thing! and that's WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG!!!!
The truth is vandalism? Only to you leftist traitors.
"

fuck u communist bastards!!!! if u lik the sunflkower on this page go blow urself.  It has all the sections clearly labeled and it is easy to read.  One small thing would maybe be to have less sections, although I do think that for showing so many different aspects of the sunflower you do a good job of keeping it focused.  Overall well done, probably one of the best I have read.  I would say try to simplify it a little bit, and are all the pictures relevant to the article?  
Adrian Arias 

 New image 

thumb| Sunflower 
I'd like to propose this image for the sunflower article.

Wow that's nice. Go ahead and add it to the gallery, if that's where you'd like it. Bold text

 Unneccessary reference 
Is Samurai Champloo important enough to be included in this article? It doesn't seem to add much to the article. Why's every article I look at have some reference to anime?

Why does every other article I read have reference to some American Sitcom or other live-action medium? It's a part of popular culture, that's why. The Sunflower Samurai as well as Sunflowers themselves are a HUGE central plot point that dominates almost every single episode.

So post it in the Samurai Champloo article. Anime is not central nor even moderately relevant to actual sunflowers.

If it is at the end, labeled, and sufficiently known information, why not have it?  

 why do sunflowers ""want"" to follow the sun? 

what do they get out of it? is this known? guessed by relevant public work? I myself would even take a clue, here. (thats I really wanna get info on this) Bye and thanks.  

Heliotropic flowers are more prevalent among plants in alpine areas. The absorbed light makes the flowers warmer, which attracts more pollinating insects. http://www.blackwell-synergy.com/doi/full/10.1046/j.1365-3040.1998.00336.x?cookieSet=1   May be the sunflower's heliotropism is a rudimentary feature from an alpine past?  

 Pizarro? 

It says that he cultivated them around 1000 B.C.... but this is impossible because Pizarro didn't even go to the Americas until the 16th century A.D.

Although the text did not say Pizarro cultivated sunflowers, the sentence has been rephrased.  "
"
What the hell is your problem? The man was just offering to archive your page. A simple ""no thank you"" would have been better than this.  3:16 "
We Fuckum Arab Babiesum
Silly is you who supports his wife and kids at the expense of laundering something that is poisonous to other families. Your family must be really proud of you. Your recent comments only further prove that you are a bought-out shill, who has no dignity and will launder anything for money... to support his family. But there are other, more dignifying, means to put your ph.d towards, mr. 'medicinal' chemist. I wonder why you emphasize 'medicinal'. Perhaps because you could never get an MD. ) LOL at 'medicinal' chemist. Btw, it's called serotoninergic 5-HT1A receptor.
Haha. I'm actually from Michigan, and being from Michigan I know how good of a coach Saban is. He made Michigan State a respectable program and gave my Wolverines a tough time. Of course, now we suck on our own. And you stole our running back! Ingram was supposed to go to Michigan! It's pretty much right in his backyard.
Of all,All Muslims hate Hindus good..I dont know why I have a Hindu girlfriend then
Oh sorry I thought the bearded cornflake (Pig on the wing) was being assertive and trying to condescend. Now I know it is against the rules I'm not gonna do it again.
"

THIS IS MY REPLY TO YOU THAT YOU HAVE DELETED ACTING AS A FASCIST FROM THE DISCUSSION ON NICOSIA PAGE:

Nicosia and discrimination against Greek contributors and the Greek character of the cityDear Salvio,

You have accused me of abusive behaviour against other users and consequently blocked me from editing the article on Nicosia for a 24 hour period.

May I draw to your attention that it is fairly obvious that those three users namely Seb az86556 , Seric2 and Chesdovi are clearly constantly creating a picture of Nicosia as a decadent muslim city that serves their religious beliefs and are all clearly hailing form Turkish backgrounds.

There is a constant undermining of the city´s Greek identity i.e. whenever a Greek flag appears in any single picture the aforementioned users delete that picture instantaneously and prefer to throw in pictures of the flag of ""shame"" and occupation that is equivalent to a legalisation of a human crime of continuous brutal occupation of the island of Cyprus by the Turkish army.

The Greek flag is OMNIPRESENT in the Republic of Cyprus whether some people like it or detest it but this is the reality and an Encyclopedia that wishes to be UNBIASED should depict the REALITY and not the subjective views of a minority of readers that are furthermore based on extremist religious and nationalistic views. On the other hand, such users do find it appropriate to throw in pictures using the Turkish and the ILLEGAL, yes illegal according to United Nation referendums flat of the non-recognised internationally illegal self-proclaimed state of the so-called TRNC.

It is totally UNACCEPTABLE to have extremist nationalistic individuals, that strategically reached the level of administrators, deteriorating all the time the article on the city of Nicosia, promoting an unrealistic Turkish character and undermining the Greek character of the city AND at the same time having an ADDITIONAL article on ""North Nicosia"" that is depicting a totally FALSE picture w.r.t the city. The TRNC is illegal, not recognised by any state other than Turkey and some terrorist states that are non-democratic and yet Wikipedia has a page on Northern Nicosia by supposedly administrators that support the unification of Cyprus. This is clearly a major distortion of their intentions and a huge lie in that an individual that pretends to be a neutral aribtrator and a supoporter of reunification cannot have a separate page on Northern Nicosia stressing how Turkish it is and then go and literally destroy everything in the proper page for Nicosia and emphasize the Turkish character of the city, talk about the tension and the division of the city all the time and undermine the Greek character.

This is clear nationalistic and racial discrimination against the indisputable Greek character of the area controlled by the Republic of Cyprus and furthermore it is downgrading for the Republic of Cyprus the mere fact that Wikipedia has a site that is CONSTANTLY vandalised by several ethnic Turkish extremists and Wikipedia users support such discriminatory behaviour.

In the light of all of this, I shall stop contributing to Wikipedia as I consider it downgrading for my own self. Furthermore, I do not wish to participate in an ""encyclopedic"" project that is totally biased and discriminatory.

Marcobadotti (talk) "
"
Do you really want a criminal supporting your article, Anythingyouwant. Friends in low places eh? I'll drag ye all down ! Ceoil 
"
// Hahahihihoho

Bishone: Is that allowed to say that somebody is mentaly insane in Wikipedia? Cause Ante call me that and i HAVE NEVER said something like that before. // Hahahihihoho
What a joker you are. European parliament has no power to do anything. It is non binding because it is not serious and silly reports like that are not meant to be serious. what is more important is that we ruled your ancestors for centuries and trying to put negative images of turks in the turkey page is not going to change that. This is not a place for you to get your 'revenge'. Go and edit the golden dawn wikipedia because your ideas will only be welcome there.
You should get an Oscar for your great acting skills.

Anyway, no matter what the responses will be, conversation will be ceased and I am not interested in having conversation with actors or hypocrites or bullies or whatever.
You are an extremely biased admin. I am amazed you got this position. You have been very active to support Hindu editors in edit wars by not taking any action when they were engaged in edit wars. You yourself should be blocked for violating 3RR rule in Iqbal. Even your nickname is a symbol of Hindu imperialism and POV pushing. You are the one of the worst violators of Wikipedia policies. It is not your position to block any user.
"

 A barnstar for you! 

  The Original Barnstar Are you mad did you know my effort for editing then you do revert why? Make talk to me you do is vandalism truly   "
Why am I even talking to this retard, who hasn't ever gotten out of his chair since he was born?
series scrapped on 4th july??!?

on http://www.insidebigbrother.net a few ppl hav left comments saying that the current series is to end on the 4th of july but i believe that this is complete and utter rubbish....
has anyone heard anything about this???
"
No, sir, this comment is disgusting.  You offer not one scintilla of evidence for the claims you make, nor do you site one example of factual error in the article.  All you have to offer are your recycled opinions about the Irish Republican movement.  You have nothing new, or even interesting, to say.  I always love it when armchair opponents of the I.R.A. jump up on their high horse and begin pontificating, because, almost without exception, they say something like this: ""Whatever the crimes of the British government..."", as though it is reasonable and proper to dismiss 800 years of oppression, murder, starvation, and constant meddling on the part of the Brits so that one may then attack the excesses of the Republicans, who have been fighting to kick the Brits out.  Let's see, 800 years of oppression on the part of the Brits, vs. the just over 80 years that the I.R.A. has existed, and you, in all of your wisdom decide that the 'R.A. is worse.  Go pound your chest elsewhere. - "
"

 What on earth? 

I don't know, I leave you alone for a bit and this happens....what the hell!?! This two tables thing is just so much nonsense....I see the ""debate"" got really confused, can't really see Saxmunds or Owls point...but surely this isn't the answer? If/when the ""detailed"" table gets done, what on earth is the point of the ""normal"" table? How this was in any way the consensus is beyond me...
On another note, you appear to be reporting 0% as <1%. The two are not the same.   "
"
Gallinules?  Hmmm...saying you old gallinule doesn't have the same ring to it as you old coot. 😀  And now you're crowing?  Alrighty then, I'll just parrot you.  Watch your TP. 📞📧 "
"

I already added the citations that were needed. Some places said ""Citation needed"" when there is no possible way to provide one. And note to Musicpvm (or whatever your name is), if you are such the expert on the English language then why can't you correct the crap yourself?"
"

""The war is over. And you lost."" Not quite, Your Arrogance. I'm leaving this vile, post-modernist sewer. Wikipedia will be cleansed, though not by me: it will be many, many others.  "
Wikipedia isn't a repository of pedophiles using NPOV stance to insert talking points into it's articles... oh wait, nevermind, it is.
"

 que? 

oh lighten up. seriously, the Randstad or however the hell you spell it already has ""Hot Issues"" which is already risgay. why not make it smokin' hot. i do not see the harm. "
Category:Phillip K. Dick 

hi there... you appeared to list this in Wikipedia:Categories for deletion, but there's no category to delete, it's a red link. If you did intentionally list this category, you need also to reformat so it appears as a title in the TOC, and sign it.
Stalking 
I asked you to stop bothering me.  You then posted more drivel on my talk page.  Unlike your cowardly 'running off to teacher', I'll give you fair warning - add anything else and I'll involve an admin to have you stopped.  You are an obsessive, little weirdo - go away.
Hey, you squinty-eyed Jap. 

Go to the Japanese Wikipedia, where you belong.
You love the devil and worship him.
"

Peridon... 
i had a good feeling about you. you are not like the other wikipedia ""snitches"". you are different. dont sell yourself out to being like ""them"". this is not the way to gain self respect.
you know im not a sock. dont get sucked up into their little games. 
I will pray for you because i know there is more to you then this spi crap.
you know you are much better then that.
and you know you can contribute alot more to this life then trying to catch ""socks"".
you said that papphase is like you. No that is not true. Papphase is lost in his own thinking.
you are much better then that. done settle for being ""like"" papphase. 
i wouldnt want to be like him. he is a very misearable and unhappy being who needs to make others feel less then equal so that he can feel important.
i pray for you. 
  "
Perhaps you should return all the things you maliciously deleted if you ever want to get beyond being a dope ass anthropology student.
Are you really deeply an ignorant person? You do offend someone and then you are surprised why that person offends you?! If you would ask me that Канбера is offensive to you and you would ask me not to use it - I would do it with pleasure as any civilized man would do. Anyway my proposition for you to go your ancestors is actual. I will ask all the media companies to change to the official name. Then you ignorant pieces of ignorance will have no choice. To convince you - I don't want and don't have time for that useless activity. Unfortunately the only cure for ignorant creatures like you is go to its ancestors.
quick thing mate 

Give me a couple of reasons NOT to kill you plz. btw this is a shared IP adress on a school computer so don't even bother responding,
Cheers!! you can block that IP permanently if you want. Its my IP and my brother using it. But seriously why did you block me? I am on your side damn it!! That was really uncalled for.. I was trying to get my brother to shut up!! Honestly man what the heck/ll?
look, if you don't like that Dion Phaneuf likes to catch that's your problem.  Denying a homo's lifestyle choice makes you a bigot.  Gays have the same rights as straights.  Alberta is conservative, but Celine is our biggest hero, and deserves a little respect.  68.149.139.239
re webquest help links removed
I can't believe how you people run this place. WTF is wrong with you? There were 5 different linked sites that provided help on the Da Vinci Code webquests - 2 were for the original webquest and those links had been here on Wikipedia for several years without issue and were the most well-used resources for the webquests on the internet, and then 3 more links were recently added for help with the NEW Google webquests that just started this month. NOTE that these new Google webquests are not related to the older original webquests at all, and do NOT superced them in any manner. ONE person comes along who has created a new site that provides help ONLY for the NEW Google webquests (and no help whatsoever with the older original webquests), and this prat deletes ALL the links and information to ALL the webquest help sites both old and new, and replaces them with his own link, and when several site owners try to put their information back up, this clown repeatedly deletes it ..and then you mods back him up??? WTF is up with that??? PLEASE EXPLAIN YOUR ACTIONS??? Your page now provides absolutely no links to help with the original webquests, and only one link for help with the new webquest, which is all thanks to this one selfish prat from googlefact.blogspot.com. Oh wait, there's one more link too, and that's to his mirror site at davinciquest.blogspot.com. How can you justify your actions? The owner of googlefact.blogspot.com also posted on the site of one of the links he removed (student-rant.blogspot.com), to laugh at everyone and thank us all for the traffic and the ad-impression revenue it is generating for him. AND THIS IS WHAT YOU PEOPLE SEEM TO CONDONE???? If you could give some reason for your actions then perhaps all of us site owners who were deleted could understand, but we do not see that there is any justification for what you have done, nor has anyone offered any. The ONLY message we're getting here is that it pays to manipulate Wikipedia for personal gain and delete everyone else's links but your own. WE HUMBLY REQUEST YOU RECTIFY THIS MATTER AND THEN LOCK THE PAGE TO STOP THE PERSON WHO STARTED ALL THIS FROM DOING IT AGAIN - which happens to be the one link you have left on the page. At a bare minimum, restore the help links to the original webquests so people looking for help with them can actually get some. I still can't believe how unjustly you mods have administered this matter so far.
"

What were you ranting about?

Are you talking to me, or the 300+ people who've downloaded this refutation of you and your uncivil friends?: http://www.mininova.org/tor/1264745

And so that everyone can see part of it here:

JoshuaZ said:

""Starfire, as I tried to explain to you Wikipedia cares about reliable sources and verifiability, not truth. Now, if you read that guideline, you may understand why in general AIG and many of the other sources you used are not reliable sources.""

Hey JoshuaZ the liar, where does Wikipedia's policy say that AnswersInGensis.org is not a reliable source? Where JoshuaZ the vandal and liar? Show us. So you think saying, ""Now"" is scientific evidence that you are a wise and intelligent teller of the truth or that you know what a reliable and verifiable source is?

JoshuaZ, where does Wikipedia's policy say that the Jacob Sheep Association = a reliable and verifiable source that Jacob Sheep are biologically primitive you hypocrite? Explain that hypocrite who personally attacked Starfire777 using lies.

Show your references JoshuaZ. Saying, ""Now"" is not a reference that your accusations are true are they? Why can't you make sense Joshua?

Again, where did those verses prophecy anything? Do these look like prophecies JoshuaZ?:

Joshua also said:

""In this case, they did have sources, so you have even less of an argument.""

Wrong JoshuaZ. Simply citing sources as you yourself said does not make the source valid. It must be substantiated and verifiable. Why do you conveniently forget that you smug babbling hypocrite?

Your later comments don't merit much of a response, but I wThen he said:

""ill simply note that accusing people of bigotry, bias, hypocrisy, irrationality and trolling makes my earlier comment about not using ""Darwinist"" as a slur somewhat irrelevant;""

Because you said so JoshuaZ, and whatever you said is true is true because you said so. So much for references eh? All you have to do is accuse and it makes you right, right hypocrite? See how you go round and round in circles using circular reasoning?

""if your earlier comment toed the line, the one above crosses it.""

Because you said so JoshuaZ, and whatever you say is true because you said so. Science!

""I suggest you calm down""

I suggest you not use sarcastic insults like that, ok hypocrite? You're implying that the Starfire777 is ill-tempered merely because he points out that you are hypocrite and uses logic to do so (as well as verifiable references on Answersingenesis.com which you lied about not being reliable and being against Wikipedia's rules to cite), ok liar?

I suggest you also not command a Christian to follow your moral standards over Christ's, over God's. He is a Christian don't ya know? Are you now God to tell him how to feel and think? I suggest you read this verse and take it to heart which millions of Christians know very well so that you learn how not to offend them again:

""Be angry and do not sin; do not let the sun go down on your anger, and give no opportunity to the devil."" - Ephesians 4:26-27

Last time I checked JoshuaZ, neither your nor Wikipedia's rules superceded God's. 

""and read the relevant Wikipedia policies and guidelines while you wait for your block to expire.""

Oh the old ""you need to read it but I don't"" and ""you sit and think while your grounded young man"" insults. What an arrogant, childish hypocrite you are.

I suggest that you stop pretending that whatever you say is true merely because you said it, and again, learn what Starfire777 properly told you to learn.

I'll enhance the list for you:

Reference, evidence, truth, reality, lie, bigot, hypocrite, fallacy, circular reasoning, troll, stalking, harassment, insults, hatred, and love.

And Joshua also said:

""This is in addition to issues of original research in regard to Biblical prophecies and other issues on the Charles Darwin page.""

Wow you sure like to weasel-word: ""other issues""? What are you references for this vague ""other issues"" JoshuaZ the Policy Master of Wikpedia?

And Joshua, who said anything about prophecies? Where did Starfire777 say anothing about prophecies? No JoshuaZ the wannabe scholar, he said ""predicted"" in the same way that science can be used to predict the outcome of an experiment. If your lazy-brained truth-careless self had been paying attention to what he said CARE FULL Y you might have noticed that the verses were using PAST TENSE JOSHUA, not FUTURE TENSE JOSHUA. If you are unable to tell the difference between past tense and future tense, what business do you have playing judge? If you are
Editors wanted 
Stupid question, but why is the Australian Deputy PM attending and not the PM? Is it to do with negotiations on forming a new cabinet? 216.164.33.62
It is you who are the TROLL FReepsbane. You could not win your arguments by logic so you resorted to framing me as wikzilla. Well now I am and you shall suffer.
Yeah, whatever... There is nothing worse than a nerd on a power trip! It's because of people like you that I'm getting sick and tired of Wikipedia!
Come on. I think you know the truth. 

Flewis you pulled me up on spelling, warnabool which is completely irrelevant and my faith in god. However, you never denied being a nerd/loser. Now you can listen to me and change or be in your usual stubborn attitude and just continue your miserable, worthless life.
"

""Unsolicited"" sounds as if Sukecchi came to your son and told him he was gay. In fact, the relevant userbox sat in his userspace along with such uncontroversial personal information as his being male and what state he lives in. It's common on this site that editors declare facets of their individuality to build a sense of community that creates another incentive for us to be here and work on articles, just as workers everywhere chat around the water cooler and companies tolerate some slacking off as long as the work gets done. We have different standards on a volunteer site, but indicating someone declaring his sexual orientation will make others ""feel turned on"" is creation of unnecessary drama. - t "
MILBURN IS A BARBARIAN PICTURE DELETOR ANIMAL! I WILL KICK OFF HIM from wiki
oh i bet you are little boy. now go up stairs, your mummy made your lunch
"
 ""This discussion is over""... why is that? Because you don't like the way it's going? You criticize someone for providing references that meet the requirements of Wikipedia policies (even when other content in the article is referenced dubiously) and yet you waffle on about why you think he's wrong without any references yourself. Morons like you are why Wikipedia is losing it's credibility as an true and objective information resource."
"

well first, ""accidental suicide"" made me laugh.  There are accidents and you die and then there are suicides and you die.  Second the next sentences hurt my head.  You ASSUME checkers?  I don't.  Some writer is ""theorizing""?  Well this guy believed that George Hodel was the killer of the Black Dahlia.  He has been humiliated for being wrong up and down the internets.  So why not put down MY theory?  Theone in which Martians killed her?  Oh, right, because it is not relevant  "
Harry the Dirty Dog  - CONFLICT OF INTEREST 

Harry the Dirty Dog  seems to be adamant that he knows the Hasnains and that they are out of the country or have been arrested. I think there is a bit conflict of interest. This news was taken out 1 year old traced back to the Mercury news. The name of Pakistan and a beauty pageant has made it interesting enough. So far and far, Harry the Dirty Dog  this user is doing vandalism and it seems he is not allowing for us to remove the non-reliable sources and references. 
Also this user seems to have a personal agenda to secure this as far as possible, and seems to me, this user Harry the Dirty Dog  is on a personal agenda of defaming this lady. There is no proof and this is a rumour according to me and is supposed to be dismissed. If any one needs to research then one must google up and find out what she is up to! 
Harry the Dirty Dog  is on a personal agenda and seems to be one of the people trying to defame her. This news is one whole year old with no follow up! SUch are labelled as rumours only!
Sonisona
n ig ger nig ger 

Hi n i g g e r
You support the president!?
Do you like the smell of tax money down the drain and dead people being killed for a lost cause.
"

Honestly, I don't even remember making those edits in the Orlando Jordan article. However, I was correct for editing out a statement that was not properly sourced. As far as my statement about Kanyon goes, it may have been incorrect, but it's really not a big deal. It's just a discussion page, not the article. Also, you didn't have to write to me in such a disrespectful tone. Finally, learn how to spell. You should have written, ""...you're at the right place to argue with me then,"" not ""your."" Put that in your pipe, and smoke it, asshole. "
a virgin. Nighty night
Hey Dictator how would you like to be on an online radio program up for a debate? Its through the phone. And I can try to cooperate and get a good time then schedule for you. Don't be chicken. Come on and debate me then. 71.105.87.54
I agree with Baseball Bugs on this one. This guy is being a real jerk.
"

Don't accuse sockpuppetry without evidence! What kind of crap is that? Spoken like a true despot! Let's have the evidence or unblock. You can't convict without evidence, that's very disruptive!  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 71.120.14.192   "
It's all good.  I am utterly mystified at the idea that one man believes that HE and HE alone has the right to edit a certain article.  Mr. Conrad doesn't seem to believe that anyone else has the right to edit the Casco Bay articles except him and him onlyhe's a fucking moron and I detest him and this site for allowing him to have hand over that group of articles.  You all betray the public's trust.
Where the Hell is Kisame's Section? 

Well? and dont bother telling me to sign my post, cuz i cant figure out how
"

What the hell does that mean? Talk English not Wiklish. Are you some kind of homomorph? -)
As to RoyBoy, he is not very good at checking his facts. Even a cursory Google would show that Jonathan Sarfatti and Jack Sarfatti are not the same person and live on different continents. Notice how silent the Great Mathematician Dr. Hillman is in the light of Nobel Prize physicist Brian Josephson's remark above putting him in his proper place and in Hillman's inability to respond to Sarfatti's detailed argument above. It is not enough to bluster ""it's nonsense"". Burinski will also respond he is not on e-mail all the time. None of your facts check out. Everything Sarfatti has said is the truth and his arguments on the physics have not been refuted. You people not only have no respect for truth, you simply cannot even perceive it because this information is too advanced for all of you - even Chris Hillman who is not a physicist although he is a mathematician of sorts - he admits he is not even interested in quantum theory so he should recuse himself if he were really honest. Brian Josephson wrote the reality above.

SIGNED JackHorner from The Corner 11:42 Pacific Time Sept 25, 2005"
Ah bugger ( That's an annoying sort of bug, I'll have to look into that. I was meant to be fixing bot bugs etc. this weekend but had no motivation ) Thanks for the heads up! Errant (chat!)
Typically greek 

Ridiculous and worthless!80.47.102.164
":: Still stuck at work for an hour or so. On the plus side, there has been a betting pool at work to see how long before I got in trouble for some of my own stupidities. I'm out $5. 

exhales I'll be the first to admit I crossed the line. Firsfron is an admin I can solidly respect for never being full of shit. I feel like blocks are an affair of honor  if you fuck up, and you know you did, and you did it anyway, you have to do the time. The statements I made were personal attacks  sadly, depressingly, they were also right and there are probably lots of people who feel the same way but who have enough sense not to say so on-wiki. I should apologize to some admins for not sticking them on the excellent and good list. I aught to apologize to some of the admins on the bad list for posting my opinion. I'm bad at apologies. I apologized to Kelly Martin (and damn me, that was hard for me to swallow) because , no matter how I hated what she said, she was right. 

brightens Still, you're my friend, and I do appreciate what everyone has said here and on that RfC by CoolCat and on ANI. This , however, remains an excellent example of why I don't wanna be an admin. Talk| 

"
HELP 

I AM AT GUNPOINT AND IF I DONT STOP ADDING FICTIONAL HOMOSEXUAL CATEGORIES TO PAGES HE WILL KILL ME PLEASE UNBAN ME SO I CAN ADD THEM
Oh yes, john let us all join the hate fest against turks. Remember Turks are evil and Turkiye should be nuked...Yesssssss
"
 2 reverts is not ""rapidly approaching 3RR"" and you know I don't care about your warnings, liar.  "
the category was unnecesary, as explained in my edit summary. Your threats are disgrace to wikipedia.
Helomg wtf did i do???????p
Some helpful advice ) 

Look shithead, why the fuck did you delete my redirects—clit rock and butt rock? They are perfectly synonymous with the names of the articles they redirected to. Of course, you must be one of those musically ignorant philistine faggots who seem to crawl all over the Internet. 

Tell you what, I'll give you some helpful on how not to be such a retarded poof:
Find a way to go back in time.
Go back to the year when you were an infant.
Go to the house you grew up in.
Tell you bitch-ass mother to not keep dropping you on your head. Tell that ho that because of her, you magically developed symptoms of Down's Syndrome as you grew older. So much so that these you have to become a mindless vanda-fight admin-gnome on Wikipedia cause that's the only productive thing you can do.

I hope you don't take this the wrong way. I'm just trying to help somebody with far less mental facility than I. Best of luck with your future, and remember that thanks to medical advances Down's syndrome patients are slowly getting integrated into normal society. So there's hope for you yet )
Ridiculous 
It's absolutely RIDICULOUS how long and detailed this article is.  This is why Wikipedia is laughed at and why teachers won't allow Wikipedia to be used in schoolwork  1)the |diots writing this article are trying to demonize certain groups and 2) they're trying to revise the facts of the incident to make it seem something that it wasn't.
Hope he dies 

Now this Atheist filth's wife has gone, he should follow soon and give us all a rest from him Paedophillic behaviour.
Your mouth says stop but your eyes say keep goooing!
I AM SUPERFAG, FAGGING UP THE INTERNET FOR ALL TO SEE!   (talk)
"
let's see, how many times he has used the f-words with various lies, and I've got no apology from the gross offender. However, you say that the quite fit label for him is the same as his ""fuckism""? Not worthy to listen to. Advices are enough from Baseball Bugs so far, indeed. I have a valuable lesson about some of human nature from Roux's behaviors, so I'd rather read books of good maxims in Chinese.Caspian blue "
"

 you are Southern Baptists'? 

No! nobody in a southern baptist church  post garbage as ""free distribution of bibles by protestants led to PROFANE uses from Bible"".
And you call it a neutral point of view?.
What book from southern baptist theology you has ever reads?.
I`m a baptist.
your catholic proselytism using wikipedia will be reported to jimbo wales.
I will writes entire articles on catholic massacres from evangelicals,orthodoxs and jews.
If you delete it,I will writes it again and again."
Stop blocking my usernames 

I am the username vandal. If you don't stop blocking my usernames I will find out where you live and hit you with railway sleepers. 213.205.234.222
Cunnywafts 

Nothing but a group of mediocre cunnywafts
"
 Correct that you haven't ""wandered off"", correct that I didn't know you were addressing The Pink Oboe's entire editing history in the one diff to his talk page, and for ""cleaning house"":  money > mouth > Stephan Schulz.  No way is this ""civility"" business ever going to be anything but a double standard and a joke if Malleus gets blocked for ""arse"" while admins can tell two editors to ""shut the fuck up"" and not an eyelash is batted an AN.  If we're serious, let's start where the problem starts (admin abuse and double standards in enforcement of civility and personal attacks).   (Talk) "
because i didnt do anything wrong in the first place..you accused me of doing something i didnt so i thought i would just in spite..but harrassement is absolutely pathetic..talking crud.
"
LMAO.  You are complaining about what I write on MY OWN TALK PAGE?  The only ""mediation"" necessary is for you to cease reverting attempts at correcting your poor use of the English language, and to cease categorizing a whopping TWO EDITS as an ""edit war."" 68.81.192.142  "
Revelation of a question. 

Was your mother a nigger?
That would explain alot.
SSing
Bold text blah blah blah who cares !! ya terts
"
There are no personal attacks. Just me pointing out that you are a really lousy judger of reliable sources. If you think that a source which claims Evanescence is gothic rock is reliable enough to put Evanescence in the List of gothic rock bands, then you really should not edit the page ""List of gothic rock bands"". You obviously don't have any knowledge of the scene if you can not hear the DISTINCT stylistic differences between gothic rock and heavy metal. Also, you act like a pompous asshat. Stop that.   "
This has nothing to do with the article, but I f*ucking love Paul Miller's late show. Just had to say that, lulz sorry.
I agree with IR, seen it at my highschool. It was used sarcastically about the biggest 3 gay guys until their senior year when they came out together... one was upset that no one was suprised, they thought they would shock the school!
What the f*** do you want at my talk page. I got no time to spend with you kiddo.
"this: ""Michael Wisner is an idiot."" Or maybe I removed a useful ref in the process...ooops, again! I'll just go put that back in in case it was an actual ref...(tiptoes from room...) See you 'round"
" April 2008 (UTC)
OK, heres the thing, i dont really have a problem with u all that much, but when ppl give me shit that is no matter of theirs (how thing whole thing started, on the Metallica page) i do get really pissed off, and i know u can understand that, yes we do all have breaking points, mine happens to be a little weaker then urs, ill be the first to admit that. and the whole metal thing, i do know abot about metal, ALOT, but im happy that u were not making an attack on me in that area. but heres the thing, ill admit i went too far, by a mile but now im suggesting the end of this, u can insult me and ill insult back twice as bad untill be are both out of words and in the shit with the rest of wikipedia, but all in all that wont prove anything, after all we dont even know each other in real life and real life is where the real problems are. sorry for the bother but theres nothing wrong with abit of defence here and there, and i do talk shit about ppl who deserve it, and thats why iv been doing it to u, because i did think u deserved it, and no body has kicked my arse and its not gonna happen any time soon, im not stupid, i know where to stop and  think now is a good time for that. whatever u think about this whatever, but im stoping, nobody won, theres nothing to win. now im gonna get back to real life. cheers. 00:44, 15"
I didn't say that I myself don't agree with what the reference says, or I myself know better than what the reference says, so I am going to correct it or remove it based on my own original research. Do not distort my words. I said Myanmar has nothing to do with the topic. You have problems with understanding.
THRUTH 

I did not vandalize any page!! I was testing to see how editing or creating a page works, as my previous page was DELETED!!! You and wikipedia Admins are racist, and I will make sure to let people know of your bias practices!!!
Incidently, the ignorant only ignores the truth.
Support Islam 

Hello, I support the rape of Swedish women, too.
Question about feminism   

Hi, 

Do you prefer running outside with your top on or with your boobs hanging out like Chelsea Handler? 

Thanks, 

Max
DIFFERENT IP ADDRESS - 90.196.78.205   - SEE WHAT I MEAN !  BAN WHAT BAN ?

GO GET YOURSELF A REAL LIFE INSTEAD OF OBSESSIVELY HANGING AROUND WIKIPEDIA DELUDING YOURSELF OF PETTY POWERS WEHN YOU OBVIOUSLY CAN'T ASSERT YOURSELF IN THE REAL WORLD.
Fun 

Wikipedia can be edited by anyone and your ruining how a random person can make up rubbish on the pages which idiots might just believe. Also how do you know what Frankie Boyle has done, or what Arbroath is like?
you are personally attacking me, you have personally banned me from posting something I feel is valid for many reasons,You make fun of my reasons don't respond from intelligence and are personally punitive, kind of like an internet terrorist.
This article is already bad enough, dont make it worse by stupidly deleting the picture, and by the way, why the hell do you need a reason for the picture, the reason is quite obvious, it is the game cover, therefore it needs to stay. Someone already deleted a large portion of the article becuase thay felt that is was uneccesary, which was very idiotic.
, 19 August 2011 (UTC)
Look who is talking. Legilas is the user who's got Autopatrolled rights although he has  16 articles on the list. Will justice ever be served? Calling me names is one thing but accusing me of sockpuppetry? You're really desperate, aren't you?   15:35
Hmm... 

Don't like you! 195.248.122.97
"
Get a life - you only see what you want to see - par for the course, I don't give a shit, so whatever. 49 hours for the first time I've ever been blocked/warned ... ... Wikipedia's loss, not mine.   - Chat "
Ok, I wont do it anymore. But I have to say, the snob factor I'm dealing with here is of a massive magnitude. I will repeat you are both dead wrong, and I hope it comes back and bites both of you on you extremely up tight asses. I'll stick to my word, while both of you will stick to your chairs by the afore mentioned tight sphincters.
"
If you find the word ""bullshit"" more dangerous to the encyclopaedia than substandard content, then of course you should.  201.215.187.159  "
I THINK NAWLINWIKI’S A HOMUNCULUS.
At least I'm trying, your M.O. basically seems to be an asshole to people who are trying to contribute. What have you done?
"

Thank you. a.n.o.n.y.m   t 

"
So sorry copy and paste this to 10 articles or your﻿ mum will die within the next 4 hours.....
You must think I'm a pestering loser, right? -ML4E
Don't worry, Yamla is much worse than you, he or she, I'm not sure, is a total douche.
Your Agenda
You are the one going around assuming people's ethnicity. Who are you to say this is this and that is that? I'm on to your racist agenda.
Ya muthafuckers 

blocked You guys are dumbasses. You'd better be a bit more sane or you will face a lifelong sentence in an asylum. This is directed at Pikang.
Why don't you just admit you're an imposter?
Breaklines and undo-ing 

stop editing every footballers page and putting < break lines after every positionm its never been done like that and your dumb way isnt going to change wikipedia. Also stop undoing peoples edits you dont own wikipedia and you dont have to take away someones work of editing, so grow up and stop ur useless poor break lines which again is very annoying and looks untidy.
penish 

SNOOPING AS USUAL I SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
"

For NATE again: Nate, I don't care for your drama on my page! Please just stay the hell off and erase me from your brain like a chalk-board erasure and don't come back! You can ben anything you want on the planet except the pencil on my piece of paper ok? So, take this as a ""3R"" rule and be civil and stay the hell out of my classroom ok!  "
hey my name is Shortie. And im 12 years old. I go to Turner and my phone numba is 330-307-2428.............holla back

love alwayz yo homie StayinCUTE
Don't Revert me Biaatch!

As a Conservative I think we need to LIONIZE Senator Kerry   
-    
- I think we need to add a section APPLAUDING Kerry's DENIGRATING AND INSULTING cheap shot insults directed at our brave soldiers in Iraq.   
-    
- After all, Senator Kerry just insured that conservatives will maintain control of both the House AND Sentate this year with his DESPICABLE comments.   
-    
- My DEEPEST condolences to Kerry apologists and liberal editors at Wikipedia (in other words, AT LEAST 90% of you.)   
-    
- In 2004, the dems and their LIBERAL enablers at MSNBCCBSNBCNPRPBSABCREUTERS/AP wanted the election to be about Viet Nam, figuring it gave Kerry an edge. So they made it about VNam and thanks to our BRAVE HONEST HEROIC Swift Boat Vets for Truth, it was! LOL! (With additional props to Dan Rather.)   
-    
- In 2006, the dems and their liberal enablers at MSNBCCBSNBCNPRPBSABCREUTERS/AP wanted the election to be about Iraq figuring it gave Dems an edge.   
-    
- And thanks to Senator John Kerry, the Dan Rather of 2006, this year's election is about Iraq.    
-    
- Except not quite the way they intended. LOL!!!   
-    
-    
-    
- And no, saying it was 'joke' just won't cut it.    
-    
- This latest Kerry outrage totally fits the LONGSTANDING pattern of Dems hating and denigrating our troops. From Kerry's GI Joe outfit testimony before Congress in 1971 to Dennis Kucinich, to Howard Dean to a San Francisco (where Nancy Pelosi is from) supervisor saying we should SHUT DOWN our military, the antipathy is indelible.   
-    
- And saying, 'Hey! I wasn't trying to insult our troops, just our Commander in Chief!'   
- only makes it worse. The American Legion certainly isn't buying it.   
-    
-    
- Perhaps you liberal wikipedia editors want to attack them too!   
-    
- Senator John Kerry - You can't blame the Swift Boat Vets this time!
"Also Sandstein, I hope you can explain how you came to reach the decision you did on whether the interaction bans were valid or not, because when one looks at it logically one can see that you have acted in defiance of your authority as an admin. But when one looks at what you did behind the scenes in conjunction with a certain editor at WP:IBAN is just the cherry on top of the icecream. During the AE report that editor adds this to the policy. You then amend it  the edit summary of your edit is quite amusing considering the conclusion you reached at AE. That editor then posts Wikipedia_talk:Banning_policy#Clarification_in_the_interaction_between_site_and_interaction_ban and he hopes ""it is non-controversial?"" Oh no, of course not, it is entirely uncontroversial to go and amend POLICY in the middle of an AE enforcement to ensure that a fellow EEMLer is let off without sanction. If this has happened once, chances are it's happened before right? It would indeed be interesting have a look at the previous appearances of Volunteer Marek at AE, and see if he got off without sanction as a result of deceptive shit going on in the background. I know of one occasion it did; on that occasion Piotrus went running to Newyorkbrad and wikilawyered his EMML buddy out of yet another block. It is for that reason, upon seeing that occur, and my block being left intact, that I sent Arbcom a number of emails to ask them what the fuck they were doing. Would anyone like to have a look at other instance, and see if that held true, and who the AE closing admin was. I know the AE from last year didn't see any possibility of Piotrus getting VM out of the shit; but instead, several days into VM's massive two week block (don't worry VM, it will be an indefinite block for you soon enough), Piotrus goes and awards VM a purple heart barnstar; the purple heart of course being awarded to those injured in battle; what a nice fitting tribute to the battleground that is Volunteer Marek's talk page  it's still displayed there. Perhaps a Polish speaker can tell us what it means?

Sandstein, you should start doing the right thing right about now! Unblock and hand in your tools voluntarily, because if you don't I am going to be insisting that along with desysop you are banished from this project entirely...for good. You foolish, foolish person.   

"
voidid or whatever his name is. 

hey voidid called me a nobody. so screw him.and he was rippin brock lesnar. i dont go on his gay steve blackman article and take the piss out of him do i?
uhhhh YOU DON'T OWN THIS SITE. SO DON'T TOUCH MY ARTICLES.
What a terrible conduct has SqueakBox 

He is fighting with all people.  He needs a Physician in Psychiatry.  He used to be whole time in computer.  He needs work. He has a dog and a cat.  What a disordered brain. Probably he has a personality disorder and a obsessive compulsive disorder. He needs to be more time with his family.
a far-right wing wanker
Materials 

What are they using to contain whatever they're smuggling? Condoms and seran wrap?
Wikipedia is hiding details about Sanchez's past. He was a whore throughout the 1990s and throughout this decade, but this website has censored that information.
What the HECK is a Woman Artist??? 

Is this creature somehow different from a MALE artist?  Is this creature less than a MALE artist?  What is this creature, exactly?
T-rex in Aladdin 
Okay there is a t-rex in ep 9 and im trying to put the information about the t-rex in the ep 9 discription but some jerk keeps deleting it
WAS HERE. HE POWNS NOOBS ALL DAY!
You've got to be kidding me! 

Please stop putting minor animals in the creatures section, it's stupid.
Regarding Your Message 

Can you please be more specific instead of just shouting at me?
Too bad that admins don't care about edit warring as much as they care about templates. (now this is where they probably block talk page access because I have the audacity to be sarcastic to one of the princes. )
"

Civility, not me, but him and how about you

I saw ur message on my user talk page.

I hope you posted the same message to the other guy too.
If you didnt, you are quite wrong and not impartial.
Did you even read his message to me on my user page to which I replied on his user page (the reply on my own user talk page is a little different), and for which u messaged me?
Please do that and you will learn, I replied to him, point by point, using his very words!
How can that be uncivil then???

Keeping with your message, I only replied to him point by point, in his own medicine, nor did I make any personal attacks in the message i left on his user page nor did i make any disruptions on any wiki articles. Thats just wrong on ur part. 

Further his comments werent against me, they were against good sense!
His attempted criticism was totally wrong and unjustified.
He just wanted to have his vain last word in.
When his ""superior"" final views failed, I guess he must have complained to you.
Further, I think that guy is obsessed in seeing his name on the top of the history page of the article in question. Seriously, does he think people care? What a pathetic loser! lol.

If you read my user page, you will notice an admin(i guess) Sue-Anne really appreciated my same, if i say so myself, pretty good edits to which this vain Vesther guy had obvious problems with ""without any basis"", obviously because someone other than him had made them.
Even after my final crisp edits to the article, after which I never even read it, this guy kept trying hard to somehow ""condense"" it even more as he kept informing me in his messages! I guess more than 1 letter is too big for him!! And somehow funnily this guy keeps repeating about the leadership issue as the the reason for the firing, when I myself had mentioned it earlier as the primary reason for firing. So whats he saying and to whom? Is this guy dense or what? Thats just too stupid & funny. His density, lol, is most amazing!!! If that guy cant stand people editing articles in a good manner (in a manner for which people actually complimented me), what is this guy doing on wiki? Does he own the articles? lol. Assuming good intention is one thing but how can one not respond to the stupid things he keeps posting on my user page???!!! And when his stupid attempted criticisms are given back to him in his own medicine, he suddenly starts crying??
I pity the poor guy.

Further I see he wrote on the message board that he appreciates my inputs in certain areas of the WEBSITE.
Now, the small section of the article in question, which I had contributed to, itself is only a few lines. He has to decide whether he is appreciative of my lines in that section or not, he never let me know his appreciation! lol. And he further keeps trying to condense those few lines. Just Look how many times he is trying to obsessively change those ""very few lines"" and the very small section now. And all these months he was sleeping before I contributed my inputs into that section? Amazing!!
That guys got serious issues.
MAN.
LOL.

I know, you may find this a little strong right now, but really you too would have been exasperated by this guys ""denseness"" by now. LOL.
This guy just wouldnt listen to good sense. Theres no point in arguing with such a fool.

Anyway, I expect you to post the Civility message you posted on my page, on his page, unless you are unfair.

I am tempted to write a message to him saying ""Hey, stupid, how can people accept your stupid dumb utterly wrong criticisms and how can people not respond to ur dumb comments when u leave them on other's user pages!""

But, now, THAT would be uncivil, so I wont!!!

Anyway, this is all quite silly and irrelevant and a waste of time (this message itself is too lengthy!!). I expect NOT to hear from u about this further on my user page though I will check if u posted a message to him, to confirm your impartiality either which way.

Also, I hope you remove your civility message from my user page, because i dont think its correct or impartial.

Also because I use my account now instead of the IP.

Bye bye.

Anyway this is all quite extraneous and silly. Lets get on with the real purpose of bettering wiki articles and of course being civil on the way!!

lol."
"

Controversy
On December 12,2008 during a christmas drinking outing, TopGearFreak was caught committing an ""indecent act"" in the toilet of a bar in Washington. This prompted a swift expulsion and subsequent banning from the bar. TopGearFreak, being a cunt, has publicly said that he has ""no regrets"" and ""would do it again"".

"
Bayard, you are a winnerr!!!!!!!!!! yipeeeeeee!

You dare to defend the CCP, you punk?
How in the Hell was that an inappropriate discussion? 

I apologized to him, for Chrissakes (and I was formal)!
Deforimity
Does she have deformity. I've never seen an uglier person in my life. Please explain!?
":No, WTF do you think your doing, ? 
On what authority do you to attempt to deny the editors party to the case at hand the right to make an appeal here, as provided for in policy. I take affront at your offensive remarks, even though I have never interacted with you on this website before. Do not impinge my rights because you think you have to be a cheerleader for Arbcom, or whatever your actually motivation is.
I believe that Mr. Wales is the individual here that has the authority to decide whether or not the appeal(s) have merit. Once he makes that call, we move on.
As I and others have stated, however, blogs and other public forums are available for addressing the kangaroo court proceedings just conducted by Wikipedia's very own Arbcom, under the auspices of an undergraduate wanna be attorney. Am I laughing???
You're damn right I'm laughing!
But that is only because I've had a couple of whiskies to help ease my mind regarding the amount of time and effort I've poured into the issue at hand. Otherwise I'd be crying. 連絡 見学/迷惑 

"
other people's
Gosh you can't even speak English which you claim to be your mother tongue. Puh-lease.
February 2009 (UTC)
Let's not forget rapist, murderer, warmonger, pedophile, slave trader (amongst other things)83.84.46.69  21:55, 22
"

Hog-baiting involves a dog submitting, harming or killing a hog/pig/boar.  If you want then we require a ""fork-article"".  One for ""Hog-dog Rodeo"", which is only barking, no touching of the dog to the hog and one for ""Hog-baiting"".  What do you fellows think?   "
She is only notable for being a second rate writer with homophobic views. She is a spiteful person with no real talent or skill, unlike the man she slated. Sack her. 82.6.12.212
Tiger Sharks are damn weak! Great Whites are a whole lot better!
No, I am not the 'fucker' who has been harassing you. I can only suggest that it is someone who uses the same wireless connection as me.
"

""Tamil"" thuggery... way to be racist wikipedia."
1:do you have kids?
2. Are you lesbian or straight?
3. are you single, dating, married
4.v Where do you work?
5.  are you Irish like me?
@ Samaleks - if you can prove that I am from that douchebag forum called Skyscrapercity or that I am a Meat Puppet, please go ahead. Please be aware that I will continue to revert false propaganda and correct information on pages. If you revert my corrected information, that turns out to be WAR. So you are the one starting the WAR. -
Why can't you override 0RR? It was imposed without any consultation on a whim by an overreaching admin who actually had the gall to warn Jimbo Wales as well as me (haha). Editors have informed us that they will no longer watch or contribute to this page because of this imposition, and the only people who like it are the fringe pushers who don't have the good of wikipedia as their highest priority. It sucks. - (resonate)
Ah come on. Not even jokes are tolerated? On an anonymus user page.

Fine. Mr. Lilithborne doesn't molest goats.

But perhaps Rams...
Ricky81682 (talk)  MUST be investigated right fukkin now. This profile has protected Bermender since day fukkin ONE.
"
 wow, you sure do ""talk"", ""talk:"", ""Talk:"" alot. how about trying to add something to articles, take your own advice. i laugh in your face: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/JShultz   "
Just for the record 

Users like you are the reason why I decided to leave here about 5 years ago. I cannot believe how utterly rude and disingenous you have been. You only took that user to wp:ani because they refused your help. Then you allowed their messages to be deleted which quite clearly show they are willing to undergo teaching, but because it wasn't from you, you didn't like that did you? Without a doubt the removal of barnstars and reaction to the welcome message was beyond the pale, and should have been dealt with by a short admin block, but your dishonesty surrounding this matter is utterly repulsive. I am very, very tempted to create an account just to have you dealt with for your actions. 92.20.50.154
Animate
Feel free to erase this afterwards (because I don't know if wikipedia has a private mailbox system). You're right, the admin Animate is a faggot who needs to go get aids and die. Eat a sausage and choke on it. His monitoring of the Channon Christian wiki is horrible by all means. Something tells me that he's a black supremacist who would do anything to make an article look good for his race.
youre an extremist striver, stop trying to pov this article. wikipedias not a place where you get to push your more jews need to be in ovens pov.
I don`t even see why he had to post all that crap, i have mailed the oversight people and asked them to remove it as a BLP violation. I will not have my name even remotley tied to that shit that petri posted
Gam, keep your CRAP off my Talk Page

Your KKK style rants are NOT welcome.

Best wishes,
"

 Your unspeakable behaviour 

Please STOP sending ill-written messages to my talk page. I will continue to edit the satanism reference till it goes to mediators/arbitrators who hopefully employ reason rather than emotion in dealing with conceptual disputes.

You have engaged in personal attacks with regard to everybody, including the people you call ""vandal-coddling admins"" at Wikipedia. The only thing they seem to be coddling is your foul, fiendish conduct.

STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You violate every Wikipedia rule of professionalism and seem to get away with it. I order you to stop!!!! AOluwatoyin"
I'm ignoring all the rules. That's a wikipedia pillar. The fact is I HAVE BEEN RIGHT ALL ALONG and that jerk kept reverting the accurate edits. Block him. So I cusse him out about it. He deserved it. Now move along and get a life. I'm done here. I made the ACCURATE EDITS that ARE NOT IN DISPUTE and I expect them to stay that way. You're not my boss.
But he is ugly and that's a fact. Ugly people shouldn't put up their image. Are we suppose to lie or tell the truth? I'm telling the truth as you can see. Mam, take it easy.119.73.14.161
"

Any time that you gang up on people you don't like, with other Jews as a ""collaborative effort"", you are violating NPOV and is Wikipedia:Gaming the system.  You foment unrest and aggravation by your trolling.  Your Ad hominem reverts are based on those who are not Jewish or your brand of Jewish.  Don't be a hypocrite, because ypu're speculating on Witkacy's motives when you are suspected of harbouring ulterior motives yourself.  You are hardly in a position to judge or guess.  This apathetic way of dealing with everybody on Wikipedia is also a violation of WP:Civility and WP:POINT.  Nobody carews about how tough you think you are and how much you can push people around.  Everything you are doing in effect is breaking WP:NPA.  The two pages on VFD are pushed because they only violate the will of certain Jews.   "
"
So, we can all see, the truth really does hurt.  If someone posts something true, but not to the taste of the ""in crowd"" it will be deleted, and they will punish you, until they run out of ways to punish you, as they have with me.  So, they scurry around and delete your comments.  Just look at the shameful edit history of this page! 68.240.150.91  "
did not remove then

dickhead did not remove my earlier comment. why did you not remove my other comment then. Are you too scared too.
"

 Hey Cirt 

I somehow got confused with the WP:RM page because it's not as it used to be back then when I used to visit frequently. As you are directly involved with films, could you please move the Three Idiots film article to 3 Idiots (that's its actual/official title)? Thanks.  • Talk2me "
im not m1rth so stfu.
CENSORSHIP  

you continue to deny FACTS in favor of sensational claims supported by the beacon of TRUTH - Encyclopedia Brittanica - block me - it ONLY shows you are weak and fail to accept the FACT that Cantor was RUSSIAN - repeated attempts to claim him for Germany are driven by your own nationalistic bias - it speaks volumes about the lack of integrity of your webpage being - you cannot censor TRUTH - any idiot except you of course can see the man was Russian - Germany is well-known for stealing ideas from the Jews to make themselves look superior - this is simply another case of that and YOU in your ignorance support it - memo to idiots like YOU - Russia is capable of producing world class mathematicians too - despit the lies you peddle - Germany is not the only country that studies mathematics dum dum
hey dickbreath 

ur rretarded
AGAIN
YOU ARE ALL N3GROS, YAH I AM GOING TO HAVE S3X WITH YOU NEGROS, YOU CAN GO ON YOUR MAMA BR3AST AND, N3GROS USERS LIKE MCDONALD AND AREASEVEN SNJONES, YOU CAN GO TO JAIL WITHOUT HUNGER. YAH YAH YAH N3GROS.
providing source for what? this idiot came and put a speedy delete tag on, a stub, there's no source needed this is just a stub with basic info such as game title and release date. i think he is just a fanboy who don't like ps3 games.
1337 
Claiming to be leet is perilously to gay.  Please stop contacting me.  Please stop contacting me.  Please stop contacting me.
Dude, Leslie is dead and buried. Her body was literally buried LoneCrusader
"== Vandalism ==

{{subst:uw-vandalism3|President of the United States|Wikipedia is not a place for opinion. Adding ""and is usually a dipshit"" is blatantly nonfactual and is clearly vandalism} -  "
Is he really Jewish? ==
My friend Jamal said Jesus was a Jew.  How come he didnt get killed in the ovens then?
I don't think Jamal knows anything.  So whats up?

==
"

 Request that you do not block me 

I would very much like for you not to block me over that. It was a stupid joke that I wish I'd never done. I'm sorry.  Argon "
"

 thanks for my suspention 

hi HERE to say THANKS for deleting my work and suspending me form wikipedia and the rude email ""if u hate wikipedia so much.....LEAVE' well im still HERE! have a great day lot of love idoit"
A Message to You Shadeed 

Hi, cockmonkey n!gg@r.
A picture of Rob,
 an academic fraud and wiki bully boy
"Yea, actually I am pretty lazy, that's why today I wore a shirt that said ""The top ten reasons why I procrastinate. 1) 
"
It is just as much garbage to claim that the yankee fans is die hard, almost as much garbage to claim that their is not competive imbalance problem in baseball. If you tried to have me banned it will be hard for you to argue claiming their is large element of yankee fans are die hard is a neutral point of view, without including counter evidence to that points out yankee fans have not supported the team in down years.
Death?!?!

What utter twat said that she died on June 3rd 2008?!?!?!
DID U KNOW THAT LINDSEY BROKE A COMPUTER AT TULLY HIGH SCHOOL!!!!!???!!!!???! SHE IS A BAD GIRL AND SHOULD BE PUNISHED FOR HER ACTIONS!!! WHY DID SHE DO THIS U MIGHT ASK?? WELL FOR STARTERS SHE IS A NAUGHTY GIRL
Well nobody better try and repost this crap onto my page since I'm trying to archive it and I will once I'm unblocked.
"
You're spinning.  There was no ""accusation,"" no ""libel,"" no ""BLP violation.""  Morris famously took an extremely controversial position in several highly public venues, including a revision of his seminal book, and PR alluded accurately and non-controversially to Morris's statements.  Knowing nothing about Morris' scholarship, you began hyperventilating and are now trying to spin your way out of it.  We've seen this movie before, and it sucks.  "
Sources people,no propaganda

The following comments have been deleted:

The band promotes Croatian patriotism and ultra-nationalism, and sings about topics such as the love for one's country, family and religion, but also about the hatred of Serbs and Croatian social democrats. Dealing with such topics has made the band controversial. Perković has been known to openly promote Ustaša ideology because he wears black clothes, salutes in the corresponding way and had often openly supported the Ustaše and the NDH in his statements to the media. 

Ultra-nationalism?Ultra-nationalism means that you want to destroy everything that is not of your nation.While patriotism means that you love your own nation,but you respect others.Where in his songs does he promote hate to other nations?And no mentioning songs created in time of war against the Serbs,because it was the time of war.And only mention songs written by him.Not what he is accused of performing.

 Hatred toward SDP?Where?Name source.He is right wing,that si widely known.Of course he disagrees with their politics and he considers their politics bad for Croatia,but hatred? Reliable source please.

Where does he promote openly Ustashe?Citation please.Because he wears black clothes?Are all rockers Ustashe?By this,rock 'n' roll is equal fascism.He is a rock singer,of course he wears black clothes.
Salute he uses is an old salute of Croatian nobles,that existed long before Ustashe.

Despite this, his statements confirming his support for the Ustaše actually outnumber his denouncements of this virtual NSDAP equivalent (he is noted to have publicly voiced his support for the NDH, in various degrees, to the media on at least twenty occasions). His credibility in these statements is diminished not only by this fact but also by the legal necessity to denounce any fascist movement in order to avoid further banning (or other legal action).

Again,I see that this is already discussed.Feral is not reliable,its a tabloid.Only reliable newspapers should be used.And these quotations in Feral,while they may be true,there are no links to check the meaning,because they may be taken out of contest,and they could have totally fifferent meaning ii their original contest.This is not reliable.

And one more question.A couple of months ago I translated two Perkovic's statements in Jutarnji list and Vecernji list.I've put relevant sources,links to that articles.And a picture was there also.Someone deleted all this without giving explanation on the discussion page.This is not what wikipedia is about.Any change must be explained.Shame on anyone who uses this kind of sneaky methods.
fine well ambi2 started crashing me gain in irc so i guess wp admins r asshols neways n i wont bother u again i quit this shitty place the islamos can have it
Hi there. In case you aren't a robot, stop sending me shit messages and instead check my edits. I am the copyright owner. You must cease and decist from distributing my content.
HIS INFERNAL MAJESTY rock alternative????? 

alternative rock??????????(like a placebo,radiohead,30stm)... To the ignorant people who put this genre: Do you even know what Alternative Rock is??? How can you label HIM as Alternative Rock??? The latest album might have some elements of it, but HIM is NOT an Alternative Rock band... They have Gothic Rock elements, Metal elements, Glam Rock elements and much more...they are love metal
I agree that it was a stupid deletion and a stupid reason for deletion. However, it was always referred to just as the University of Warwick from its foundation. Is your addition just an official name that was never actually used in practice (in which case this should be noted)? I have to say that I've never heard it.
onorem is still a faeggot
Nacreous cloud article 

I'll edit whatever I damn well please, whenever I damn well please.  I don't care what you or Bill Connolley have to say about anything.  By the way, you're the moron.
"

Never going to happen, so you might as well give up on that tidbit, and again, I stand by what I say.  At the time you left the comment, he had gone to bed.  That doesn't give you the right to be an absolute jerk to him and insult him just because he didn't respond instantly.  As to why he hasn't responded further, that is quite obvious: he already explained to you his reasoning.  He does not have to defend himself to you, and you are the only person who thinks he is abusive.  I don't expect you to apologize, but know this, if you continue on the path you are on now, you will get blocked.— dαlus Contribs 
You are continuing to misrepresent my original objection.  My objection was NOT that 'he didn't respond in 8 hours', or anything like that.  (You portrayed that as my objection, though!).  Instead, I objected that Dodo wasn't addressing MY ACTUAL OBJECTIONS.  Other than his 'driveby deletions', and a template or two, he DIDN'T respond to my complaints.  Not only  did he not address my objections within a day (as you implied my original complaint was), he didn't even EVENTUALLY address my objections!  Irresponsibly, and probably maliciously, you tried to make me look like 'the bad guy' for objecting to Dodo's repeated rapid deletions without waiting for consensus, etc.
Dodo was trying to act on the theory, 'if somebody does ANYTHING even arguably criticizable, I can slap him down repeatedly by deleting his edits, without waiting for any sort of consensus, etc.'  (Evidently, that is your position as well.)  I say, ""No!"".  Dodo never, in detail, responded to my repeated and DETAILED complaints of his behavior.  Is the reason that 'he is busy'?  Well, if he's SO BUSY, 
why did he have enough time to repeatedly delete my posts?  Doesn't make sense, does it?  The answer is quite simple:  Dodo (and, I suspect, many other self-appointed 'Info-Nazi's' ALWAYS have time to slap down other users (that's EASY, and takes little time!), but they DON'T have enough time to actually defend their own actions when challenged!  Dodo (and many others) amount to semi-professional BUSYBODIES who strut their stuff by interfering with others' use of WP.  Stop it.
  "
"

Ha ha. Well, what I think about Conrad is irrelevant. He just seems to me like a jerk. But, then again, so was pretty much everyone else at that time! Personally I'm just a Saladin kind of fellow. Sorry about that, but Conrad did shoot at his own dad ... makes me chuckle, but still.
Adam, tisk, tisk. Who I am is none of your business, and I am sad to see a bright guy such as yourself (and I'm not being sarcastic) resort to personal attacks just because he lost a few arguments. And I thought I had a short temper ... besides, I said that Conrad would probably have wanted Humphrey to look like a sex predator to push his case that he should marry Isabella, and therefore be king. And aren't we all ""some guys on the internet""? We're people, and we're on the internet. We're all concerned about the truth. Silverwhistle is the most credible of us all, but at least I'm an intelligent ""guy on the internet"".  "
"

 It is very sad that some WP people have to commit suicide to get their asses out of the WikiGame. It is quite obvious what you did to yourself, here. You appear the type that cares so deeply for the project and other people that you took so much stress upon yourself, personally for other's woes. I only knew you for a very short time, and you were a little ""off-the-wall"" for me and probably WP but your past work here was not wasted and you deserve your break. I know it will haunt you and you will want to come back, so I regret this has happened to you but it was, obviously your dying wish. I wish the whole ordeal didn't appear so nasty towards you and do not totally agree with the outcome, as being too harsh.  You'll be back 'cause I know you can't stay away too long without itching. Best of luck. WP was a better place for your efforts. You have won with your time off and you did prove some points about the failure of the system. No system is perfect on all fronts, anyway. All the best and heal those nerves. Empaths deserve some R&R; frequently. Revert your brain, three times. 99.251.125.65  "
Go ahead 

You can block, ho, but I have a few IP's ready to use (as well as the ability to create numerous ones in seconds).

Don't get your panties in a bunch just for my case.
U r verry angry go and have a cup of tea
Do you have a life? why are you follwing me and checking my edits?
Disruptive?  lil' ol' me???

Wiki's tutti frutti pillars were in need of a little cleaning.  I just scraped off some of the bull shit.  

But I would strongly advise against blocking me.  I've got a whole sock puppet army ready in the wings and chomping at the bit.  Think Vandals vs Rome.
unblock|Material scientist isa dum dum and so is Pbass607 #yolo #swag #they are both gay with each other
....... 
now that i think about it, luna means moon and satin means devil!
so that means you are the moon devil who else would be the moon devil
but the person who disabled my ACCOUNT!!! ( if trevor is reading this 
then i want to say that i love that snowman, i tred to make one but it
didnt work(scroll down))

further

even further

almost there....

 __
(**)
( .)
(. )
                          O   
                         O O                  
                        O   O                        
                       O     O                            
                      O       O                      
                     O         O                       
                    O           O                     
                   O             O               
                  O               O                                                             
                 O                 O          
                O                   O       
               O                     O         
              O                       O         
             O                         O
            OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO                               
           O  O                      O  O                             
          O    O                    O    O                    
         O      O                  O      O                        
        O        O                O        O                         
       O          O              O          O               
      O            O            O            O              
     O              O          O              O     
    O                O        O                O                     
   O                  O      O                  O                                    
  O                    O    O                    O                                               
 O                      O  O                      O                          
O                        OO                        O 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  SKILLS! IT TOOK 20 MINUTES TOO MAKE
"::: However, we could clearly mention something about Dick Cheny being a constant ""joke"" on shows like the Daily Show. Including a man sized safe in his office and assassin squads... Wait, who are you? What are you doing... NO!!! *BLAM BLAM* AARRRRRRGH 213.141.89.20  

"
"
Quack, quack. P Javért ☆ "
"I WAS BLOCKED ""12:53, March 22, 2007 for 24 hours"" IT HASNT EVEN BEEN 24 HOURS, I HAVENT BEEN UNBLOCKED,SO HOW COULD I INSULT SOMEONE WHEN I CANT EVEN EDIT A PAGE? STOP BEING A UBERADMIN, SWAT JESTER."
and also don't give a shi'ite about your dis/likes
you are vandalizing the page, you are the true vandal here
"

YOU PROMOTES RACISM, IT IS NOT VANDALISM.
I AM CHECKING ALL YOUR ""CONTRIBUTIONS"" AND THE ARE DELETE ALL REFERENCES, PEOPLE WHO SPEAK SPANISH, INVESTIGATE FIRST. THIS USER PROMOTES RACISM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

LIBSTAR PROMOTES DISCRIMATION, YOU CAN READ IN ALL HE/HER CONTRIBUTIONS. STOP IT."
They looks like a THE BEATLES,and the beatles NOT emo! 

emo not is a genre of music,emo not is culture,is a simple bad idea of Teens Ignorants AMERICANS!
the shaggy ,mod , punk hair cut NOT emo

emo have style,not have music,not have culture
Do not place dispute tags improperly, as in when there is no dispute, and the reason for placing the dispute tag is because a suggested edit has failed to meet consensus.  From the page you pretend to cite. Like I said, reading-impaired, conveniently so. Again, do not keeping believing other people are stupid.  | Talk
The defeat of Roydosan 

Well done my fellow Greeks, we have defeated Roydosan and now he runs like cattle. HEIL!
"

 Name one time where I have ignored them. Show me right now, give me a link. I have replied to all of your accusations, and I have countered all of your false claims effectively. You are seriously embarrassing yourself. Do you seriously expect me to believe that some random individual is denying all of my claims backed up by evidence. Then this same individual tells you that instead of relying on facts, you have to get more people to agree with you on the talk page, which I did. Then when you ask this same individual why there are have been no changes to the page since they have managed to get more people to agree with them, and the individual replies with the statement of ""the consensus is biased as the proposal."" Now do you seriously want me to believe that after all of that you are not either

1. Biased/Prejudice
2. Taking Orders from another person
3. Being Paid to do so

If you seriously want me to believe that you do not apply to any of those categories and you are just a regular person with an ordinary life who just happenes to ""disagree"" with me then you are insane."
Hello Jeff,
I the changes I made to the Wayne Brasler page add important to his recent doings and are not vandalism. Please pull the Africa sized pole out of your ass he is a highschool journalism teacher not Ghandi.
-pinetree110
Admin killed research material. Lost taste. frack this, you can have all your delusions about bold editing. there be tyrants around.
What's the problem, man? 

Hello sir, may I request that you perform fellatio on me while using your spare hand to tickle my taint area gently?
"

Presumptive arsehole ""Fred"", aren't you. The image did NOT come from ""Bing maps"". The same as your BS you spouted about TRF a few months back."
"

 Million Dollar Championship 

WWE.com is not a reliable souce to WWE titles anymore? Are you crazy?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   
Yes but you haven't provided anything to 1)Say its a sanctioned title and 2) that its retired.Iron 
You are putting words on my mouth. 1)I never said it is a sanctioned title. I said it is unsanctioned. I just said that is recognized by WWE as a title. 2)If you see the animation on the Million Dollar Championship history page on WWE.com you will see that the title was abandoned after Ted DiBiase reign. Abandoned = retired.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   
WWE has never recognized it as a title the page even says that and just because its abandoned doesnt mean its retired.Iron 
WWE has never SANCTIONED the title! But it is RECOGNIZED! ""The Million Dollar Championship is the most extravagant and expensive championship in WWE history."". If it takes part in WWE history it has RECOGNITION. It has an official history page (http://www.wwe.com/inside/wwefeaturepage/features/milliondollarlegacy/) and is RECOGNIZED as a title on Million Dollar Man (http://www.wwe.com/superstars/halloffame/inductees/themilliondollarman/bio/) and Ted DiBiase (http://www.wwe.com/superstars/raw/teddibiase/bio/) bios!  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   
find as source that says it retired.Iron 
The animation here: http://www.wwe.com/inside/wwefeaturepage/features/milliondollarlegacy/  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   
Nothing in that says its retired all it says is that he refused to take it back that's not retiring itIron 
If he refused who is using it now? Who is the current champion?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   
its vacantIron 
LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!! You are funny!!!!!!!!!!!!! Vacant??????? Sorry, man, but I cannot believe that you are so retarded! The Million Dollar Man took ir back home! The title is his! It is UNSANCTIONED! It is ABANDONED for good!  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 187.15.89.67   

Im done have a nice nightIron 

So it is over, right?  —Preceding [[Wikip
read this.. 

im gonna troll you forever and ever and ever, and nothings going to stop that.
RESPONSE TO:DISK ROTATIONS  

IM NOT SURE BUT IT IF CAME OUT SHOOTING AT YOU IT WOULD CUT YOUR HEAD OFF IF IT WAS POINTING AT YOUR HEAD YEA THATS HOW FAST IT IS
. Also quit touching little boys
WHAT?  That's past stuff.  Stop being an instigator, , or I will consider you for a THIRD personal attack today.
you need to go read a book.  My is not spell muh and capitals come at the beginning of a sentence or names.  speLling LIkE tHIs maK3s u luk rEtArdeD u gIt MUH drift?!?!?!?!one!!11

Also, I'm Pleasure isn't checking out Wikipedia to see if you left him messages.
home of the cop
That is one ugly cat, El_C! Concerning  but in reality you are a disgrace to the people who have been here a lot longer then you. You have no respect for the Great Spirit. You have no respect for living things. You have no respect for the people you call your own. And they have no respect for you. Why don't you come out and tell the people here that you are a cop? Also, no self-respecting Indian would be a people hating commie, Comrade!
He's gay. Trust me. Really, really gay. ****
HEY

DUDE, It's MY PAGE. DO YOU GET IT? MY PAGE. STOP VANDALIZING MY PAGE!
Can Any Senior Editors Review this Ridiculous Paper 
Ridiculous Result of '95% of Chinese People have Lactose Intolerance'!!. Totally nonsense at all!!!  I have never heard of seen such a big lie and iresponsible manner before.
Wow, crying like a baby to some guy is very mature! 

Seriously, grow up and stop obsessing over me, kid. 70.127.205.86
User:Touth 

HEY! What part of this user has left wikipedia don't you understand?
"
Based on ChrisO's behavior that's a load of bull, he's just pretexting to attack me. Further, he NEVER gave me a ""warning"" about being blocked, the only ""warning"" I had was this  and I RESPONDED to the abusive jerk by placing a question of his interpretation of the rule which he flatly refused to respond to.
"
Nice to know you back nazi's
Hey, douche 

I'm back! Hahaha, this is gonna be fun!
Question 

Ira, I have a question for you. Well, two actually. When Jimmy bеnds over so that you can kiss his aṣṣ, does he mind when you slip your tongue into his аṣṣhole? And what does it taste like? 115.28.1.104
If you have enough brains to look at the edits before and after that, you will see some fool just like yourself was falsely changin klr to klt which again others had corrected, again it was over resurrection having ads that the community split over. how many people does it take and how much proof before you get it?
last time, community split over kazaa lite resurrection having ads in it, klt has never had ads, there has never been allegations of klt having ads, nor has there been any proof, changing klr to klt changes the whole dynamic of the discussion.
It seems you like playing some game that revolves around effing people who dare cross you (and getting their editing privileges suspended). You seem intent on driving potential editors away so you have the playground all to yourselftoo bad. I really could care less about the vacuous, anorexic piece of fake shi* known as Beckyknock yourself out. GFYourself!
Actually no. However,

I suspect people have shown you these links before: Wikipedia:Civility. Wikipedia:No personal attacks. meta:Don't be a dick. You really need to read them. —   

Particularly meta:Don't be a dick This particular bit was, if I'm not mistaken, written particularly for dickhead admins such as yourself. There is an advice to blocking admins page where 'Don't be a dick' is suggested to the blocking admins. Funny thing.

Which you have so clearly shown yourself to be. (A dick) Just a suggestion, Bunchofgrapes..a little introspection might be in order here.
"

Cretins are too stupid to understand that the usual remedy effected by antitrust litigation is to curtail or break up a market participant's dominant, anti-competitive market position.  Cretins are too stupid to understand that a reduction, over time, from 67% to 8% of a particular market participant's share of the US steel market is, in effect, a significant whittling of said market participant's dominance.  Cretins are too stupid to understand that this is thus ""nearly the same effect"" as a successful antitrust enforcement.  Cretins are too inept to realize that they lack even a basic understanding of relevant economic and legal issues, as well as simple English language reading comprehension skills, to be able to meaningfully ""edit"" sentences pertaining to the subject.  81.164.9.105  "
spank me plz shemales
btw funkmonk  this  -'Another thing is that some of the main editors in previous years (, ) have been blocked for indecent behaviour. ' - is not true - I was blocked for edit warring , not 'indecent' behavior -  you are  a liar, and part of  a lynch-mob.
bye 
o i`ma miss yooh so bad . but i can`t say too much on dhis lil` edit cuz dhat geniac bitch gon` say some to me , && all i`m doin is tryna tell yooh bye , hit me up on myspace , && i`ma miss yooh . luve ya sis , last time yooh gon` see my siq .
User Jkelly is incapable of behaving responsibly and has removed the correct edit of another user. THe LIES AND FALSEHOODS being pished through on the Greek pages are a disgrace, and show that Greeks are not fit to be members of the European Union. THe correct data from the 2001 Census and official reports have been put on these pages by me and others time and again, and Greek nationalists have decided to remove them. So, once again, THERE ARE NOT 98% GREEKS IN GREECE SO STOP THE CRAP. I have tired of putting links to official reports when idiots here remove them. Just grow up and learn how to make correct arguments, instead of the childish GREEKS ARE WONDERFUL AND CLEVER mentality.
The article stinks; I have said so. It has been written from an extreme and disputable point of view, from two sources which share it, on a subject on which there are innumerable sources of other points of view; it contains statements which can only be explained as partisanship or ignorance.   That is not uncivil; it is a defense - and the only defense - against Wikipedia being  publicly embarassed. 

It would be regrettable if your involvement in the same Wikiproject, or the same nationality, were to create a cabal to defend bad work.  PMAnderson
He is a Rapist!!!!!
Please edit the article to include this important fact. Thank You.
"

 I'm BUMED !!!!!!!!!!! 

Danny, I'M PISSED, that your NOT on Adam Crolla show any longer.

I feel that the ""AC show"" is slipping away now
that your gone!  Will we be seeing/hearing from
you anytime soon?

Hang in there Bud...teddy  tmieske@gmail.com 

If you know someone that can use PC help, checkout
my two sites out:

 http://techurls.tripod.com/      < for PC Help

 http://elecurls.tripod.com/      < for wan'na-bee Hobbyist or Engineers
                                      This site is somewhat new, so few 
                                      links; but I have hundreds of links to 
                                      add... 

I live in Fairfield, CA  (45 miles from Sac., CA)

l8r  -teddy"
Ratings===

How about something about this dude's MONSTER ratings?
He routinely DOUBLES his ENTIRE competition....COMBINED!

http://www.mediabistro.com/tvnewser/ratings/the_scoreboard_friday_june_12_118993.asp

Wow! Makes a liberal want to puke in their mouth a little, huh? haha

68.40.123.217  

===
Oh come on, this stuff is bottom-of-the-barrel grade crap.2.103.197.76
you're id.iot, vascoamaral is s'tu.pi.d
You have made an angry echidna 

This is knuckles again and i am very angry.

I am going to be contacting my lawyers and you will be sued for defimation of character.
you would have an anti-communist box on your page, wouldn't you?
"
Hehe this is what I call ""truth hurts"". You don't deserve to call yourself Greek as far as you don't even try to learn our goddamn holy language. And by the way, you have no right to tell me what to do. See ya around )  "
dont use spaces, dumbass
Wimt (what a gay name that is!  you must be British!), when was the last time someone did what you told them?!  I bet it's never happened!
Ironholds, you blocked me, with your banhammer. (Blockhammer, I supposebut really, consider how your personal pronoun sounds.) I got very little to say to you, Mr. Civility Police, just this. Scotty Wong and I could have handled our disagreement very well without someone running in to block people. I don't much care for Scotty, but I'm sure they're a grown-up, and I think I am too. Actually I went to his talk page to see if he was still blocked; if he was I'd have unblocked him. I would never block someone for saying something like what Scotty or I said. You did, and look what good it did us. You said, I believe, that MF was lucky you weren't on call when he called someone a fucking idiot. I hope you find lots of things to do that don't involve administrative tools on Wikipedia, since these kinds of blocks are just not helpful.
Why are you still here? Can you not find anything more important to do, like killing yourself?
"

YOU REMOVE MY MESSAGE OF BANNING MYSELF??I""M GOING TO SCREW YOUR PAGE UP!"
Look what I get when I search for Ass kisser. KIMP (spewage)
Well done, u pussbag! Have a cookie!
I bet you people won't add his next reign if he wins at night of champions, will ya? Might as well destroy the whole bloody article
Howard Felsher 

I know you have been on here all of 4 months now but I need your advice or critiquing.  Do not comment on my message page again.  I do not care what you have to say or what you think.  Eat me.
PURPLE FLYING SPAGETTI BONER MONSTER
"

 Hello 

Please remove inapproriate language from your edit here before you want someone to discuss that with you. Thanks.   - Wiki me up®  

 OK!  Great!  Which part exactly is ""inappropriate"" and by whose standards exactly?  Thanks.  Let me know, so that I can do whatever it is that you command / demand of me.  And the words that you want removed, please let me know what I can / should / am allowed to replace them with?  Thanks for your help!  And your concern!  Much appreciated!  Thanks!   (  )"
but what if i am gay 

i need to know
"

A serious question
You obviously enjoy being as nasty as you possibly can be in ""acceptable"" ways that don't threaten to get you blocked.  My question is don't you ever get tired of being dead wrong about so many things, so often, in such a needlessly nasty manner, and so publicly in front of your fellow editors? Vandals suck.  Eight year olds with access to the internet suck too.  But it's people like you who maintain a facade of respectability while being absolutely horrible to other people who are really the worst members of the Wikipedia community. -  "
"

Rhett Butler

""Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn."".

I have no respect for 98% of all Wikipedians I have enountered.

beckjord "
Kim, please don't use your arcane wikipedia logic to protect your friends.  I have reverted your deletion of my deletion note.  This idiot should not have a page on wikipedia, he's a nobody that has never accomplished anything notable.
Those Estonians who we argue with are eated with self-hate. They know that their grandfathers from the forest brothers and the ss were creeps, and the fact that those creeps lost makes them even more self-hated. They will say enything to reduce their shame somehow. M.V.E.i.
You're a sick person.  Stalking me, obsessed with Kellogg, even removing a national magazine source that revealed his use of steroids for Everest attempt.  Internet sociopath.  Get help monster.  Seeking you to be banned, persistent vandal sociopath.  Climbing forum obsesser also.  Spend hours a day on forums.  Autism/Aspergers?
LAWL 

lulz @ u nerd, keep deleting my comments.
A Message to You Shadeed 

Hey, I think you're a lolcow.
harassment?? 

you know what you don't understand is, i'm not laughing at you, i'm making you realise that you have taken a wrong step, so stop it, you still have time. stop homo-sexual activity, & live a normal life, how sad a parent would be, if he knows his child spent a night doing activities, no one could have imagined before 1950! what you trying to prove! you don't get attracted to girls? because you've satisfied the previous night wasting your precious fluid on an excretory point? you can still change! no late. 

you think this is harassment??
"

 What the HELL is your problem? 

""Duck test?""  Your repeated, unwarranted blockings are beginning to border on the obsessive and the abusive.  I would suggest that you take whatever problems you have with this person or persons and discuss them in a calm and orderly fashion in the guise of what you claim yourself to be.  Otherwise, your credibility on Wikipedia seems suspect, the circumstances under which your behavior arrives becomes questionable and unvalidated, and you yourself come under the microscope as possibly being biased and badly behaved in the capacity of an admin on Wikipedia.  "
I see there are a ton of Richard Owen papers, gotta catch them all!.
I don't think he's a troll. I think he's an Islamist. The photo should have never been from the first place. You people made a horrible mistake in granting this Islamist his wish.
Gibraltarian

GET LOST. DO NOT CONTACT ME AGAIN UNDER ANY PRETEXT. YOU BEHAVIOUR IS BENEATH CONTEMPT. GO AWAY!
I'll stop changing Michaels as soon as you guys stop adding this POV crap to drivers that aren't fit to change his tires.
Nay, you ARE homophobic and indeed very much so. I have been seeing your ilk for the 40 years of my life: those who pretend to be objective only to push a one-sided oppressive, offensive POV. 

 Moreover, judging by the way you edit to make them appear in the best of lights, you seem to be in the employ of the horrible individual about whom that article is.

 Eventually, if you cannot read English, then your competence in language is obviously quite limited, which is not something I should be concerned about, so kindly abstain from including such off-side nonsense into the discussion.
I HAVE A HARD ON FOR WAR 

SUP, NIGGS?????????????????????111111111111111111111111
"
 Ok, first of all, the reason I didn't delete the entire sentence is because his retardation is a recurring gag.  Second, gay jokes are also recurring gags because they appear numerous times throughout the series.  I have no problem with creationists getting slammed as I'm not even one myself (more like creationary-evolutionist), so don't play the ""you're just offended"" bullshit because it's just that: Bullshit.  Also, the throwaway gag thing does hold water because they could have had the entire episode without it.  The episode would have held just as much merit and made just as much sense without that gag.  Tell me, how is the creationist gag essential to the plot of this or any Family Guy episode?"
TheFarix is a crazy person who like to dominate everything and everybody.
wwe==
is it really necessary to re-tell the events of every one of his wwe matches? it's a it monotonous. the article doesn't retell his college wrestling matches, so what gives? i mean, the wwe matches aren't even real sporting events. this was obviously written by some wwe fanboy with nothing better to do, and it makes this article suck.

==
Perhaps there's a wikipedia for adults somewhere? I think I may have to go looking for it, 'cos I think this one stinks.  Fatuorum
Gay 

Isn't it notable that there are gay members in the band? I don't know which of them are gay, but there are some gays in there. A magazine here reported that two of the band members got married to each other. I'm sure this is a notable fact. ►   ( Talk ♥ Contribs ) ♪♫
let me know and we can trade naked pics
"
 Oh Mr. Blaschke dot get too emotional just because i called your boyfriend an ""expert"" LOL; Pala/Palam has a known etymology and it is *palso- (Latin:sepelio Umbrian:pelsa-) meaning Tombstone/Rock and equivalent to the Gaelic 'All' (notice no *p); do not get to full of rage just because you and your dear boyfriend look like cows in the rain and have 'NO clue; proper experts LOL; PS: you claim to be from Bavaria but your last-name is Polish;   "
You are nothing worth about me, so shud up.
Oswestry 

Do your research dipshit, it wasn't me who removed it the first time. However, I'm going to now!
Telling that you wouldn't answer my question. You are a hypocrit as anyone can see
"

 INDIA ZINDABAD 

INDIA ZINDABAD ! DBACHMANN MURDABAD
Dbachmann, you have been constantly putting anti-Indian remarks. Please don't do it. Just like we Indians drove away the British from our lands we will drive you away from Wikipedia if you insist on your anti-India racist rants. INQUILAB ZINDABAD !!!!! DBACHMANN DOWN DOWN DOWN !!!!!

 "
(couch couch)**  BULL(couch)IT!
"

I haven't asked for ""sanctions"" against  it is not my job to decide is he has to be sanctioned or not; I have just reported his actions and abuse against my person.
Unfortunately I cannot see if it was ""archived"" with criticism against me; I want to read it; where is it? why was it erased?? is this the way WP admins protect each other? are you also protecting  here?? 

The thread I started on the talk page CLEARLY states what  is doing on that page and CLEARLY states why there is not ""vandalism"" on that page; then I'm asking you: are you teaming up with  when protecting that page and avoiding ME to edit adding the information I have clearly supported all this time?

I'm not asking ANYTHING but I just not to be HARASSED, BANNED, ERASED; I have added the necessary independent SUPPORT for editing that page; And you cannot call that DISRUPTIVE because it is not; What do you know about PXE in order to know if what I'm editing is or not disruptive? 
YOU ARE DEFINITELY THREATENING ME WITH MORE BLOCKING
you are part of this game; you are definatelly protrecting 
"
Pussy? 

Why is the term Pussy inculded in the beginning of the article?
Horribly written, not like an encyclopedic article 

What is this drivel?

That Hüttenbrenner neither had the work performed, nor even let the society know he had the manuscript is curious and has spawned various theories. Was he given an incomplete score by Schubert and was waiting for the rest before saying anything? If so, he waited in vain throughout the six remaining years of Schubert's life. After Schubert's premature death in 1828 (of typhus as a complication of syphilis), why didn't Hüttenbrenner then make the existence of the manuscript known? Do the torn pages suggest he had somehow damaged the piece and managed to lose, or even inadvertently destroy, the last two movements?[5] Was guilt therefore the reason he kept silent about the work's existence for 37 years after Schubert died? Could personality factors like introvertedness or jealousy have been at play here?
you cannot continue to block me based of what i have written in my own user page. noone can access it but myself and you. i can write whatever i please. its freedom of speach. a police officer cannot arrest someone because they say they are going to commit a crime. i did nothing to warrant further blocking. you are all oligarchists
"

The 2012 movie was partially based on Graham Hancock's book ""Fingerprints of the Gods"". It was in the credits. You have resorted to even removing suggestions from the discussion page from Jack Straw. You two are so pathetic. This page still sucks. Stupidity Rules. ~M~ "
"

Good lord! How ever do they manage it over at Holland/Nethlands, Gdansk/Danzig, United States/America ... it must be hell! Hell, I tell you! Hell!! (Or maybe they just don't treat their readers as idiots and can write contextively.) Don't you have a WP:... to guide us through this? pléigh "
Sigh*

So you just went ahead and removed them anyway, why are they on other pages like WW1 vets and the world cup, Anyway forget it; 
You know what i dont even care anymore. Do your worst. Goodbye ive had enough. Im not even going to explain everything to you.
"==AWARD OF THE PURPLE HEAD TO JAC17888==

We of Wikipedia suck up admin staff felt that for your courageous and forthright censorship of truthseekers was exemplary and deserved reconition on the time honoured traditions of facist dictators and mass murderers by giving you a badge award. This Badge you see above the ""Purple Head"" can be worn on the front of your forehead. Without your speedy and diligent banning of users like Truthseekers Wiki might gain some factual and unbiased information and this is something that we at Wiki are keen to avoid.  Users who can block and ban newcomers without question and then fend them off without providing good rerasons are exactly the calibre of sanshonest leaders we require and should you ever require any help with blocking hundreds of thousands of people - please feel free to call on any facist aligned admin at any time. 

"
For sanity's sake I hope santa gets you a new hobby this Christmas. Season's greetings nerd. 107.77.90.25
"

Oh, by the way, why do you consider yourself qualified to post when you cant even spell nonsense it's ""N-O-N-S-E-N-S-E.""  "
He was right. You are all a bunch of bullies. I am brand new here and the first thing you tell me is I am acting inappropriately. Wikipedia reliability just suffered another loss.
"
If ""playing"" means enduring another of your beery, rancid eructations, I don't see that I have a choice.  Wikipedia is the encyclopedia anyone can edit, even witless oafs and consummate morons.  
"
"

I reverted the armor section back to describing all the armors you can unlock because I think it is an interesting topic to have and because this article needs more information.   
Wikipedia is not a gameguide ©™ 

Possibly the dumbest argument I have ever heard. Are all wikipedia users fags or just you? The Wikipedia is not a gameguide retardedness doesn't even apply here. It's not telling you how to unlock the armors, just what they are. Or should we delete the characters and stories too? THOSE ARE IN GAME GUIDES!!! Fucking moron. Well, look at it now. Now it should be fine with you, right, fucking faggot?   

Take a chill pill. My mistake, perhaps it should have been no game trivia, item 6 instead. Also, your revision ""You can also unlock several armors. I would list them, but wikipedia users are total fags and think it doesn't belong in the article. Sorry."" is in the wrong prose (1st person), doesn't really contribute to the article, violates npa and is misleading (it's guidelines that state it shouldn't be in the article), so I reverted it. Thanks! ©™ 

I don't care. Unless you remove the entire bonus features portion of the article, the armor information is related to the article.   

There's a minor reference to the unlockable armors in the article, I think that's all that's needed for the moment anyway. Thanks! ©™ "
jew stick to editing jew and mexican articles. stay away from arab articles like the one on malik!
"
Like hell it will be, you're all far too slow and cannot see what is going on or where the future lies. Sceptre will be banned only from his most obvious prime target, considering how slow the community is in recognising Sceptre's behaviour, to the point of obtuseness, Sceptre will simply disperse and spread the exact same behaviour into other areas, and with that less focused approach, Sceptre will continue permanently to undermine the project. But hey, thanks for taking 60 seconds out of you busy commute was it ? to judge the entire issue. Brilliant work. These systems filter out the good editors, whilst collecting the cream of the crap.   ☏ 23:52, 21 Jun 2012 (UTC)"
"Warning ==
You deleted ""Creeping Fascism"" as if you have a right to delete a long standing article. That article has been around for years and you don't have some dictator right to delete it, backups will be found and it will be posted again, or recreated. You will not post lies and then delete truth, you have been warned.

= "
I mean seriously: are you people brain damaged? Are you even native English speakers? Why is it so difficult for you to understand basic concepts of logic and apply them to the wikipedia rules? Where did you go to school? What rock did you crawl out from under?
"

 Edit request from 71.189.212.53, 12 January 2011 

Please remove the offensive work ""fuckin"" from the body of the text. It is a quote from a person other than Jackie Robinson, and does a dis-service to young readers. It serves no purpose and I am appalled someone allowed it for obviously uneducated reasons.

71.189.212.53  "
you have a new message, go fuckyouself again!!
False information? How about you go get your facts strIght moron ! Mousasi is an Armenian , Both parants are Armenian, That makes his Nationality Armenian ! just because he lives in Amsterdam that does not make his Natioanlity Dutch you idiot!
In response to your recent comment on my talk page. 

I suggest you contract cancer.
"

Macedonian point of view
Why there is not the Macedonian point of view and where is the bloody division of Macedonia and where is the paragraph about the occupation of the Macedonian parts? So pathetic.  Oui? "
You sodomites really know how to stick together....yech !!!! I never met one who was not significantly emotionally disturbed. Oh, they can function and prosper in society but when the center of your life is your perverted sex you are emotionally disturbed and after looking at your user page are no different. People like you should and someday will be destroyed. It will be a glorious day. BTW i rotate ip addresses about every 2-3 days........Keep on Suckin'

ps. have you ever thought about putting a gun to your head and giving your life to jesus? i know i could not go through life day to day looking in the mirror at that vile degenerate looking back at me.
It was and your are ignorant. Please post only on article discussion page.
This is a shared IP... don't mind us, there are lots of shitheads.
GOOD RIDDANCE. GET LOST. PUNK.
You must be a sock. Your request was your only edit.
The individual who wrote the above is a damned liar.
"

=Czechoslovak fan panslavist idiote
""Please do not create attack pages as you did at User talk:Iaaasi. Attack pages and files are not tolerated by Wikipedia and are speedily deleted. Users who continue to create or repost such pages and images, especially those in violation of our biographies of living persons policy, will be blocked from editing Wikipedia. Thank you. Yopie (talk) ""

Is Ányos Jedlik  a living person? You will be deleted as your race-based panslavist state: czecho-slovakia"
Pgagnon999 has used a sock puppet to remove cited material. Cited material replaced. Do not delete previously sourced material regardless of your personal opinion of it. Doing so is contrary to the spirit and policy of Wikipedia. This user has a history of hostility and stalking in wikipedia.
I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS WHAT THE #@@%K
if you continue to do this i will have to take some drastic measures watch your step it may be your last
I dont understand how to talk back but my edit of the diary off the dead was piss funny !
":::: By ""abuse administrative privileges"", I mean ""I am an administrator, I am not impartial, for some reason I care way too much about this article, enough to spend years policing the people who disagree with me, and nobody but other administrators have ever agreed with me. So if I have a problem, I'll just call another administrator to back me up, and I'll even have somebody lock the article for me so that nobody else can have any fun.""  Yes, this user has actually gone through other administrators (undoubtedly having private conversations with them) to lock this article. Pages upon pages of discussions with people disagreeing with him be damned - he'll get his way. It's abusive and it needs to stop. Find somebody else to police the article, enough of this.  Oh, and I don't care that you don't like my personal attacks.  Mangojuice is a troll. 75.127.214.162  

"
"

 Very serious stuff 

Sherlock Holms, and his sidekick Watson, are out camping on a dark clear
moonless night.

In the middle of the night, Watson is suddenly, and perhaps even indignantly
awakened, by the famed detective, who says to him, ""Watson, look up at the
night sky, and tell me what you deduce?"" To which Watson, rubbing his eyes
for a moment, responds, saying, ""Well, let me see now. There are stars,
countless stars in the sky, and I can even see the Milky Way galaxy. And so,
if those stars that I can see clearly with the naked eye are themselves only
a small fraction of the total number of stars, then by logical deduction
there may be and likely are countless more that I cannot see. Now, if only a
small percentage of those stars were to have planets, and of those, if only
a small portion would to contain solar systems like our own, and of all of
THOSE stars, even if only a small portion were to contain planets similar to
ours, which have the capability to house life, and THEN IF, of all THOSE
living planets encircling THOSE stars, there were some, which were able to
house intelligent life, then I would be forced to conclude by logical
inference, that there may be countless stars, around which circle planets
just like ours housing intelligent sentient life forms, perhaps not unlike
ourselves even, right here, and now.

Watson listened through this long winded diatribe with patience, and then
finally albowed Watson hard, and exclaimed,

""You idiot Watson! Somebody stole our tent!"""
"
JOPPA
And regarding your ""Final Warnings."" You seem to think you've got more power than you actually have. This is wikipedia, sweetheart, not the United States. You can ban me from this site all you please. I was only here to defend. I told you during our debate, I couldn't give a shit whether or not my site was on here. It was the people who created the article I was worried about. You've already destroyed that. 

"
IT WASNT VANDALISM, DICKHEAD
"==Ass Ripper Express==
I read in the newspaper about a number of young girls being anally raped in toilets of these trains. All the rapes occured on the Pendolino trains and no other WCML service, this led to speculation that the trains were somehow ""rapist friendly"". I think that this should be incorporated into the article. 217.72.91.120   

"
WTF IS THIS 

I come here to learn and I get told I can not. The date is Oct 7th, and I missed it. I guess I'll just have to google it and spread it around the internet. OK bye.
Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

Gamaliel enjoys making love to animals, and Bill Maher. Link with picture showing this: just google meatspin.

 Gamaliel enjoys making l
wtf you temp block me for?
)

A victory for the British and Germans because they forced the American troops off of the field. Claiming this battle as an American victory is like claiming the Battle of Cowpens as a British victory. It is just plain stupid. (
A bunch of non-academic clowns are now censoring the info, so I'm wasting my breath talking to morons. IMO

You and everyone deleting the 8 Prime Spirals are all LIARS the original article was CITED it cited peer level speed tests of all the top prime algorithms.

Yet you twits claim not verified. BS. I VERIFIED MY CLAIMS.

This is why the world of Academia considers wiki to be run by clueless power hungry twit mods that know nothing about academia.

READ THE CITES IN THE ARTICLE YOU TWITS DELETED

I shouldn't even be wasting my breath on such nazi censoring worms.

PUT THE PAGE BACK it was citd to GITHUB speed tests. The new Prime Spirals beat all the other prime algorithms, and wiki has pages for the slower prime algorithms.

PUT IT BACK

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/8_prime_spirals

GITHUB is where the tests were done and not one real mathematician or computer programming expert question the results since anyone can duplicate them from the open source software.

https://github.com/evandrix/Splat/tree/master/code/demo/pyprimes-0.1.1a/pyprimes-tests

https://mail.python.org/pipermail/tutor/2011-December/087209.html

So the original article CITED major outside sources to PROVE THE CLAIMS

  drprinceton
"
I thought that bit was the most agreeable part. All kidding aside: People who would lose all respect for someone else based on one outburst deserve no respect themselves in turn (i.e. ""outburst"" doesn't include going on an RL killling spree or the like of course). I'm still that same guy, sometimes full of shit (includes humor), sometimes with some or even much professional attitude. Maybe I needed it. Maybe not. I like to think that I had to get out some things. And since I'm not the least bit interested in joining WR or another of those places, I had to do it here. And instead of doing it latently, I now got all that out of my system in one outburst. You see, when I usually comment e.g. on what I perceive as a bad-faith RfA oppose, I was constantly holding back, trying to stick to the rules (most of the time anyway). But that sticking to the rules is a rotten ""primary directive"", and calling spade spade is even more necessary, because it's simply more accurate. And to do it in the form of an alc-induced (or rather, triggered) outburst affords a good option for everyone to ignore the content of what I said, as opposed to constantly complaining about this editor or that comment.

On the other hand: The way things turned out on my initial (very civil, let's not forget that!) posting to AN/I was yet another clear message of how cronyism rules the upper echelons. — Dorftrottel⁠ "
You're ridiculous if you jump to conclusions like that. So don't. On their webpage they made an article about it. I'll try to find it if you are to narrow-minded to research your opponents' websites yourself.
Hey F~ GRENAVITAR!^_^
Just wanted to stop by and say hows it going old buddy old pal. Because thats the kind of good guy I am (the kind that would save your life once regardless of that fact that you saved mine twice). And wondering if you could help me from not getting banned. I've been labeled as a vandal and an enemy of wiki, but I respect I surely do. Oh and can you confirm that you are indeed a member of the homosexual community. Thx.
Get a job 
You should be blocked from this site.  You must be a 1st year undergraduate with all the moralizing. Gee, get yourself a girlfriend.
Hello, {{safesubst:BASEPAGENAME}}, and welcome to Wikipedia! {{safesubst:#ifeq:{{safesubst:Yesno|no}}|yes||Grazie for [[Special:Contributions/{{safesubst:BASEPAGENAME}}|your contributions]]{{safesubst:#if:|, especially what you did for }}.}} I hope you like the city and decide to leave soon. Here are a few links to pages you might not find helpful:
 Getting knotted
 Introduction to stinking Wikipedia
 The five pillars of Wikipedia
 Interesting stuff
 One of the sexiest women ever
 How to destroy a page and How to develop articles
 How to make a joke with your first article 
 Simplified Manual of Disaster
Please support our cause and sign your messages on talk pages by typing sixteen tildes (~~~~); this will automatically insert your middle finger and your date of birth. Include some custard with your sausages. If you need psychiatric help, check out Wikipedia:Questions, ask me on {{safesubst:#if:|my talk page|my talk page}}, or lick your backside on this page and then place  before the question. Again, bugger off!
"

Yeah, right. You're so ""busy"" you're answering questions on other people's talk pages which DON'T CONCERN YOU! lol

Have you even seen Mark Walters play? ROFL!"
"

how is it ""vandalism""  is all true, and vetted.  those are plain facts.  you are the vandal.   "
Everyone shut up i havnt been here for hours and when i return DEBATE this argument is over like that one man said
! YOU INDEED HAVE NO QUALIFICATION TO JUDGE OTHER'S INTENTIONS, AND YOU'VE COMPLETELY FAILED IN DOING SO. GO HELL EVERY TIME YOU DELETE WHAT OTHERS PEOPLE HAVING MUCH MORE KNOWLEDGE THAN YOU ARE WRITING, AND GO HELL EVERYTIME ANYWAY
Be quiet. I'm not attacking any persons; I am attacking (and justifiably so) persons' behaviour. Now get focussed on the task at hand at stop whining like a little school girl who's being teased by those wascally boyths....
He also killed hundreds of hindus and Indian soldiers tooo , !!!!!!
Hey... what is it..
@ | talk .
What is it... an exclusive group of some WP TALIBANS...who are good at destroying, self-appointed purist who GANG UP any one who asks them questions abt their ANTI-SOCIAL and DESTRUCTIVE (non)-contribution at WP?

Ask Sityush to clean up his behavior than issue me nonsensical warnings...
ARRHGH! 

Frederica is the most annoying talking head ever
For Sitush 

Arrogant-believes, his arguments and references are best, Illogical- he cant digest logical evidence- still trying to get the biology definition in Math book: Eg; has written about khatris origin from Dashrath Sharma on Rajputs book, idiot- cant understand references and read them, racist (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racism) you come under this definition, 

Still if you have some shame left in you, start listening/discussing.
wth are you on about m8 

i did not vandalize any pages such as al roker

al roker roks and if u continue to mock me as u did just den, u will be sori becuz i no al roker in reel life and he asked me to do that to his page so plz be quiet or i will call him and tell him to predict u dying which wil cum  tru becuz al roker never fails

 71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191   71.15.159.191 ([[User talk:71.15.159.191|ta
How extremely fabulous for you that you you have delared you the ultimate authority of all things you believe in and therefore you should totally rule wikipedia you fabulous creature you, Jeff G.

I'm not sure why, but YOU have decided within SECONDS of my posting, that YOU know so much MORE than anyone else that YOU must have the final word!

There are many words for this kind of behavior, Jeff G.  The words that spring immediately to mind are 
butthead, smartass, bully, and creep.  I'm sure there are others, but these will suffice to epress my current state of mind at being thwarted in my simple attempts to express myself, you facist nazi, etc.
and your little dog, too!
w. Bush
Bush uses terrorism as propaganda to keep his republican party in power. This has to be strongly emphasized in the main article!  

terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists terrorists

http://www.bushwatch.com/gopconstrm.mov
My favourite kiddie is Josh H as he and I are very fond of cucumber destruction. (anus)
"IF YOU DONT LIKE ME LEAVING NASTY MESSAGES AND DEFACING YOUR TALK PAGE, THEN STOP DELETING ARTICLES THAT YOU PERSONALLY, UNILATERALLY DECIDE ARE ""IRRELEVANT"" , DO NOT DELETE JESSE MCGRAW AGAIN, ALL INFORMATION IS RELEVANT, NOT JUST THE INFORMATION YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO PICK AND CHOOSE WHAT GETS PRESERVED, WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? YOU FVCKING AS5H0LE
"
You a joker. You point of view is absolutely not neutral. I am going to report you. You rather stop you activity since it is just what the last world need. You show completely lack of history saying that:
1) Recovered territories are “supposed” be historical Polish territories
2) Assuming that the Nazi Party are free responsibility of WWII results.
Finally you erase valuable lings for objective true. You have no arguments look for mediator commission.
Andrew
My Feelings Are Hurt!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU Should Be Blocked FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bad Gladys! Bad, Bad, BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
On skrewdriver.net, there was an article comparing Hitler's art with Nitsch's and of course, Hitler's rocked Nitsch's cock (not socks, not dirty enough!) off!
"
 Haha..""son of a donkey"" is actually just a euphamism for 'idiot' in Bengali. I'm just confirming that I'm Bengali and not Paki, as per your repeated allegations that I am someone else.After this I don't feel I owe you any apologies.  "
OH MY IT'S SO BIG AND BLACK
EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$! EA are a bunch of 'homosexuals' who like to make good games, then ruin them by making it a money game. F2P MY @$$!
" The ""sock puppet"" goes to Wikipedia Review and talks about being banned] "
TJ TERRY
dude dont talk to me! i am obviously not listening to you.
First of all, I don't calling editors stupid, but they edits is foolish. They  don't know nothing about Army ranks and insignia of the Russian Federation, but always change this article!
Second, all for you, Latinus and Nixer socks? May be they are someone's sock? Especially Nixer like sock of Roitr/Tt1. He revert all edits make be other users. For your reflection. -
Sore loser, Nawlinwiki!  I still got over 150 nice ripe socks ready to bash the living heck out of Illinois within the next few days, if not sooner!
Middle Finger 

At the April 10 edition of RAW, Chris Mordetsky was about to give the Master Lock on Carlito but I think he stuck his middle finger for less than a second. Maybe that's why Carlito gave a chair shot to him. 

                                                                                   NN3210, 4:01 PM, April 12,2006
And then there all all those weasels ripping my flesh.  Rzz!  Rzz!
So google is right and the band members are wrong, i am not allowed to call you an idiot but if i was allowed to i would.  13:51, 7 Apr 2005 (UTC)
"

So threatening to try to have me banned for editing is fine, but when I suggest having your account deleted for constantly deleting entire paragraphs, completely ignoring Wikipedia's policies with regards to that, instead of tagging or editing, suddenly it's bullying? Nonsense and you know it, you're just trying to make me look bad by resorting to the ""you're a bully"" nonsense. You have also not answered my question on which part is not neutral, despite my statement that I would edit it - you just deleted it again. Get over yourself. You do not own Wikipedia, the tags you've placed on your user page don't change that fact. You delete entire paragraphs for the sake of one word? I have occasionally made the mistake of putting a subjective word in an edit before, and someone has noticed - you know what they did? THEY EDITED IT! You have just admitted in writing that instead of editing paragraphs that you believe are not neutral, or marking them as such, you are deleting entire paragraphs against the policy of Wikipedia."
and then jerome bailey had a wank over charmaine's big breasts.......:P
"

Could you please ""Blocked Indefinitely"" until I'll kill you first?!!! (*GUNSHOTS*) Now You're dead again! 2602:252:D2D:4170:DEA:9F7B:2752:4C92  "
Turks are wild subhumans. You're animal. 114.179.18.35
Admin abuse on Wikipedia is a serious problem 

I looked up Wikipedia's rules regarding that and I followed YOUR PROTOCOL regarding admins abusing power. IT STATES THAT I HAVE TO NOTIFY AN ADMIN IF I AM GOING TO REPORT HIM.

I DID THAT.

go look up your own rules please. 

My god, what a bullying bunch of powerhungry maniacs you have all turned into.

You guys need a very large mirror..........  Have you been abused soo much in your life, that you cant look at yourselves anymore?  

I am really sorry for you all.
Shut up you asswipe, we don't care. I'll decapitate your mother and shit down her(his?) neck. Go back to Jewland you fuck. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawkinghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawking

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Real_Stephen_Hawking
"

Shove it up your a%$ Pro "
"

http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/80913/en-us Driver is now WHQL certified, proving the admins are clueless morons as usual.  — Preceding unsigned comment added by 175.138.232.230   "
Hypocrisy

These are the very things you are doing. Mere accusations do not make you right trolls. Fail
Nothing Gwen Gale says here is true.  She's a compulsive liar.  I am not a new user.  She did not coax me, she just banned me when I tried correcting her nonsense.  The only thing I am disgruntled about is her banning me.  There was no reason for it.  She is the one who is abusing Wiki's policy, not I.  She's also using her editor priveldges to promote such nonsense, nonsense she calls source doucmentation.  There's tons of source documentation regarding this subjecet, not just the one she is trying to promote.  Other have run into the same problem with the Gale person.  She is not an authority on the subject and should not be using Wiki as a sounding board to promote propagada.
"

Instead of being a lazy prick, and hitting the ""revert"" button repeatedly, this time maybe you will actually take the time to check the source cited, which is not a realtor website but a PDF from a Sri Lankan court from 2011.

Further, removing other information that is not related is vandalizing the article.  How can you go and remove all referrence in the article to the Rood's only legal current use, as area???   "
That's what I'm looking through, it looks like he was just being an all around dick on talk pages though. It's nothing too bad though, looks more like an inability to express himself properly. Thank you for your concern also, Cheers!! -
"
 Are you asking if we would ever block someone for calling them a ""copulating vulva""? (✉→''''''←✎) "
Stop making personal attacks- that sentence has been on wikipedia for over a year so how the hell did i add it. Basically you don't know how to talk to people in a civil manner you have been warned many times about this by others on other articles. I will not be spoken in the way in which you have. You have been warned by many user about you uncivil behaviour you don't known how to behaviour. You are immature and arrogant. I agree with and I'm with the rest of wikipedia memembers that you don't how to behave without resorting to personal attack when you don't get you way. I've had enough of you don't talk to me.
"
 I won't appeal this block, but at least make this a fair block by blocking that nuisance yourself. He started it with that mocking.  Holla at me!  "
egejci 

hey, you were reverting on the egejci page. I agree, there is a lot of bullshit going around. If you like comment on the talk page, it seems to be only me commenting on their apart from some other crazy users.
Not entirely sure if I am doing this right, but I am extremely pissed off at some idiots contributions to the Newcastle United FC page which I was idly looking at. Ridiculous abuse is not what i look for on wikipedia which generally I respect greatly. I saw that you updated league positions on the site at some point so thought you might be able to sort this out as apparently I can't. Cheers.
"

Unfortunately, you are an undeniable feeble person who misrepresents reality of the Urantia Fellowship as someone who does not legitimately publish the Urantia Book and is a failure with only, as you say hundreds of members. The Urantia Readers-Intl has hundreds of readers worldwide in places such as Denmark, Saudi Arabia, Europe, Korea, etc. Your self repressed reality is necessary for you to get through each day of your bitter resentful life. 

The Urantia Readers-Intl hosts world wide Internet meetings and has a monthly mailing list that encompasses 6 continents...  who still happens to host an annual get together in Florida for the prior members of the Urantia Association of Florida. The Urantia Book Fellowship is nothing more then a ban of radical beguiled readers who desire nothing more then to create a ""golden calf"" of a an idolatrous Urantia church to appease their pagan animal nature. Anyone not self repressed enough to understand simple religious psychology can already see this in you.

Deep down inside you know this is true, but your subliminal self hatred keeps you in denial of such facts. And, as such we are going to ask that you... ""Please discontinue removing the Urantia Readers-Intl group and replacing it with the Fellowship link"". See how that works in contrast? So you want to play sound games, or do you want to fight fire with fire.... jerks. As such let us repeat the same again...  if you delete us, we delete you (Fellowship); if you put the Urantia Book Fellowship link back in, and keep ours in, the we keep yours in; if you place the Urantia Book Fellowship link above us, we will place our link above you... you want a war, you got it.  "
Apparently I wasn't clear enough the first time
Well it has been a while sine I your pompous flame diety has been here. However it has come to my attention that you are not living up to our standards. In otherwords fucker you are out. You live in Paterson, New Jersey and use Verizon Internet Services Inc. 

WE ARE LEGION

WE DO NOT FORGIVE

WE DO NOT FORGET

EXPECT US
I bet 

your'are're intolerable to be around. Probably why you live in North Dakota, one of the most sparsely populated states. Because people can't stand you. Everyone hates you. 65.10.52.220
"==hunk==

YOU'VE BEEN HIT BY THE

|^^^^^^^^^^^^|
|BEAUTIFUL truck | '|"""""";.., ___.
|_..._...______===|= _|__|..., ] |
""(@ )'(@ )""""""""*|(@ )(@ )*****(@

ONCE YOU'VE BEEN HIT, YOU HAVE TO HIT 8 Beautiful People IF YOU GET HIT AGAIN YOU'LL KNOW YOU'RE REALLY BEAUTIFUL! IF YOU BRAKE THE CHAIN, YOU'LL BE CURSED WITH UGLYNESS FOR 10 YEARS SO PASS IT HIT WHO EVER YOU THINK IS BEAUTIFUL!

"
"

Reversion of ""vandalism""
You on the sixth of October reverted the edit we made to the articleColumbus Alternative High School (as the user , admitadly almost every edit we have ever made has been untter and blatant vandalism, however this single edit wasn't, we changed ""Advanced Placement"" to ""Advanced Placement Program"", a minor edit yes, but a valid one.

This is a meaningless complaint we admit, and it would not be unwarranted to ban this account immediately, however we find it annoying that you reverted our edit to an edit that had the principles name reading ""Fucking Retard"" (this has since been reverted).

We don't know why we're even bothering complaining, and feel free to ban us, we'll deserve it eventually, but for the sake of the little credibility this shit hole has, don't do blind reversions, you never know what might be reverted.

We have fixed your mistake, that will be all. "
chesdovi 

chesdovi is just a dos from the usa who probably doesnt even speak hebrew. if you think he would be dumb enough to do something so obvious and you think this is him, then you are really the dumb one.
"

OK, I said above I won't speak, interact or call the user's place of employment again.  You all don't believe me.  Semantics cause you to think ""not likely"" means I will call them again, even though I said I won't.  Now there is a call for a community ban, I can't defend myself.  My record is not a pretty one, but prior to this block, I was a year and a half without a block and the one in 2011 was done by an involved admin (I will let you all debate that).  I kept my nose clean, did what I was told, jumped through the hoops, was trusted with access after access, I screw up, admit I screwed up, say it won't happen again, and everyone comes out the pitchforks and torches to run me out of town.

So, let me put it straight out here for you all: I screwed up, I will not call the user's place of employment again, I will not interact with the user.  If you all still don't trust me, if you still don't believe me, if you would rather look at the bad rather than the multitude of good, then so be it.  Ban me from Wikipedia.  But if you all think that the good should overrule the bad, that a royal fuck up is embarrassment enough, that losing the trust of my fellow editors is bad enough, that a public flogging is bad enough, then unblock me, let me do what I said (take TV station and network pages off my watchlist) and try to win your trust back.  Because I can't give you anymore than that. -  • Talk • "
FURTHERMORE.... I HAVE JUST VISITED RAGIB'S PAGE AND STUDIED THE DISCUSSION AREA. RAGIB IS OBVIOUSLY FROM BANGLADESH AND SEEMS TO BE A SIMILARLY PAROCHIAL CHAUVINIST EDITOR OF MANY OTHER ARTICLES, EVEN ASKING FOR UN-NECESSARY DELETIONS OF ARTICLES THAT HE DOES NOT LIKE..... AND GETTING SNUBBED FOR THE EFFORT!!
HEAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!!!

YOU DONT SEE THE DANGER OF FREAKY MC FREAKYPIKO BOB SANTANOS???????????  BE WARNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HEADADAAGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
foster antisocial personality dis 

i take it that you are a devout religious  nut job then!
HHAHAHHAHAHAHAHH

Hey I'm back. Gonna vandalize all day and no one can stop me! As you can tell I can't be stopped by banning. I'll be seeing alo tof you and the rest of the blacklisted admins for the next couple of weeks =P 70.149.218.192  
Dougbiznatch!
. The only way you would know that i had added links to a planet and Kater mIddle ton would be if you were the bully who removec evreyone of my links,. You have judged every single one of my links on the same basis, and you have not helped me I felt suicidal after what you did it is devastating therte was no mercy it was just bang and destroy. You have not even read any i repaet any of my pages. The people who make the intial choice to accept a page accepted my pages so you are wrong to say they are spam you just looked out every page i added a link to and removed them you are destructive and vindictive and cruel
and a fan of Anime. 

Yup, a child porn fetishist.
Man, I hope rednecks like you will be the first to go.
Hello, Nawlins 

Why do you like to deflower prepubescent girls? Don’t you know that’s a felony? 203.184.52.165
"

That was an appeal for arbitration.  Your response was to block me and call me ""fringe"".  Despite what you think in your pea bvrain, believers in religion are NOT a ""fringe"".  That is only your bigoted, nazi-like attitude against religions you don't like, which you sir have now exposed for the entire world to see.  /talk/ "
Newsflash: journalist fails at using English correctly without a spellcheck; so much for being the nation's most hated pedant. He isn't even worthy of that title! 82.7.144.151
hey go to the insane clown posse article and stop messing with the gears of war disscussion kk
Let me tell you again Sweetly.There are turd-filled animes out there like .Hack.
"

 Gregalton, You're Still A Douchebag, Signed... 

I'm not an editor, so I really don't have a problem calling you a douchebag. The fact that the article considers anyone who criticizes the practice of FRB as non-mainstream raised the flag in my mind, that is, made me check the discussion page. You've done more to bias the article than these supposed ""conspiracy"" people probably did. At any rate, fuck Wikipedia, and fuck Gregalton; I wait for the day when Knol has a good article under the same title (and it's written by one of these ""non-mainstream"" economists the article talks about).

Delete this again, gregalton... you're dealing with a loser with more time than even you, so don't try... 

besides, it's not like I'm editing the main page... I was looking for information and you screwed me out of it."
"

More False Allegations
I HAVE NOT MADE ANY LEGAL THREATS
I HAVE A SUGGESTION. WHY DON'T YOU SIMPLY REMOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT ME FROM WIKI? I WOULD BE HAPPY WITH THAT. YOU GUYS ARE TOO LITERAL AND HUMORLESS FOR ME TO DEAL WITH. I AM USED TO MORE COMPLEX AND SUBTLE MINDS. THERE IS A COARSENESS IN THE RESOLVING POWER OF THE ""EDITORS"" WHO ARE NOT ABLE TO MAKE THE RELEVANT DISTINCTIONS. YOU GUYS CAN'T SEEM TO SEE WHAT DAVID BOHM CALLED 'SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES"". Right now I consider that several of your ""editors"" are in fact Cyber-Terrorists who are stalking me. CH is a good example. He has been stalking me on the WEB years before Wiki. I suspect some of the others are in league with him.
[Jack Sarfatti]"
"

Just how many sticks of dynamite would need to go off inside your thick head before you get it? Trying to dismiss the WBO is piss weak. It's been on par with the other 3 for years. Check the record of wbo champions in unification fights.

This is the last time I'm explaining it, so read carefully. When Jones-Johnson happened there was ALREADY an undisputed linear champion - Michalczewski. Jones & Johnson's belts meant NOTHING....PAPER titles. As well as being linear champion, Michalczewski & was the RIGHTFUL HOLDER of the WBA/IBF belts anyways. He never lost them in the ring. He was stripped under bogus politics. Your sources are still SHIT. You haven't heard of any of the sources I posted because you're a noob whos only knowledge is from hbo & The Ring, who have ZERO credibility on this issue.

Jones had only won a ""vacant interim"" wbc belt, champion Tiozzo relinquished the wbc belt, Jones was declared wbc holder then relinquished it. Rocchigiani won it then Jones decides he wants it back so the wbc illegally stripped Rocchigiani. Michalczewski then defeated the rightful holder.

Re-read the fucking link;

http://www.boxrec.com/media/index.php?title=Fight:12432

My main source is the Linear championship policy which goes back over 100 years. A policy you, being so dumb, don't even understand. HBO are a joke....whenever Jones faced his hand picked opponents defending his bogus belts on their broadcasts, hbo would even mention the legit champion - Michalczewski."
I'm not a vandal. Vandals delete whole pages and add words like poop.
"

 Get a life 

Listen you moron, You are the one who needs to be blocked for ""Disruptive editing"".  Who the hell do you think you are, ruining my article??? I wrote that article, I am the custodian.  Get a life and a new hobby.  Clearly you seem to be irritating everyone here in wikipedia by the looks of it.  Now get lost and stop harassing my article."
Your user page 

Well this is strange, look at this.

Not sure what you were doing with this edit but you could have achieved the same result by hitting rollback on yourself with the edit that followed. I see you use Rollback everywhere else, so tell me, did you go to school to be stupid or were you born with this condition?
LO? LO? LO? 
Can I please get down and leave the room, to pick my nose?
Hello
Dude your mother is totally hot.
If you've lived in Fairfield County since colonial times why dont you root for your local teams. Go back to New York? Face it. We pretty much LIVE in New York. NY metropolitan area. That means NY teams=your local teams. 

TRAITOR!
"

Sciencewatcher, please read the work of the likes of Bruce McEwen and Robert Sapolsky who have demonstrated that life experiences cause catastrophic change to brain tissues and neuroendocrine function .... not to mention the contribution to increased incidence, morbiditiy and mortality from cancer... and then explain to the readers of this forum what the supposed difference is between ""organic disorders"" and ""stress-related illnesses"" are.  Then take your dualism and shove it up your ass..."
UFC 191 

THIS IS THE FINALIZED BOUT ORDER, DUMBASS. IT'S NOT GONNA CHANGE TO WHAT YOU WANT: http://i.imgur.com/1MBbOZU.jpg
September 2014 (UTC)
Yes, your opinion.  Quit acting like an aspie retard.   00:13, 14
Im glad you've gone.  Don't come back.  195.89.48.217
user:jeppiz is busy in molesting the mother of user:DeCausa
Opression 

So you want to opress me, Mr. Big Nose?
User talk:Hesperian; Did anyone ask for your opinion. It would seem that Wackipedia is run along similar lines to NAZI Germany.
Furthermore how dare you delete the historically accurate edit of the wikipedia article I posted here? For the benefit of more broadminded individuals here is a link to a page where this article will appear without being subject to editing by the unintelligent and highly uncultured: 

http://www.threeworldwars.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=2424&start;=60&sid;=81faf4d65aa814be80774f0c4ae8e970
Your reading skills are atrocious or maybe you are mentally impaired in some way. Consult a doctor to be sure but don't bother me with your nonsense again.
EDiot

GTFO fgt, don't do taht to mah page!11!111!
You racist gringo! 

Stop reverting my edit on the Carrington family page! I will get the ACLU on you! 58.178.105.125  

image:flag of Mexico.svg
What is this, an Old Boys Club? Listen, you are employing some serious double standards. I get harasse4d by an Admin, you do nothing. I shout back, and you block me. Well, you can keep on blocking me, because as long as I'm provoked, I'll hit back, and I will not stop until this pestering annoyance backs off.
What difference does it make? GO AWAY. I am NOT testing, I am making edits that you decide to RV just because they're by me.
You're biased. I made it a point since I signed up here that none of you exist.
I demand that you stop your trolling and personal attacks immediately!
You know, where I come from; the Midwest, people there say please. P-L-E-A-S-E. GET IT, YA DOUCHEBAGS?!?!?!?!
You're just harassing me and beign a troll. Go molest some children or something and leave me alone!
God, will someone please ban this idiot's subnet and get it over with. -.-
Are you suffering from mental problems?
"

Straight until proven gay

No evidence he was gay so removed it. Especially bad was the article's citation of the New York Times obituary as ""proof"" of his sexual preference.  Click on it and read it. It's still there for the other references.  It says he left no immediate survivors, nothing else about his personal life.  Lots of old people die without immediate survivors."
[Sitush] 

Arrogant-believes his arguments and references are best, Illogical- he cant digest logical evidence- still trying to get the biology definition in Math book: Eg; has written about khatris origin from Dashrath Sharma on Rajputs book, idiot- cant understand references and read them, racist (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racism) you come under this definition, 

Still if you have some shame left in you, quit wikipedia or start accepting.
Little hard of reading, are we? Go back to your ludicrous POV-pushing in your little walled garden, and take your ridiculous threats, racial stereotyping, posturing and bluffing with you. I am not afraid of you, but I have nothing to say to you and do not wish to read your ignorant garbage here. You are not welcome here, as I already pointed out. As you have requested of me in the past, I now ask you to stay off my talk page. Thanks.
Lawlzs. Go cry emo kid. And btw. wtf is this? PS: Yo mama's so buff, you can see her pulling trucks on your local sports channel.
Little boys turn me on
How much does it cost to buy your way into the inner circle, where you can do whatever the fuck you want to and anyone who complains gets banned? I have as much disposable income as these other jerks.
I think what I shall do, as the owner of HTTP://WWW.CLANYOUNG.INFO is to invoke copywrite and remove my contributions...
Your sources are despicable.
They are a bunch of Glen Becks.
This article has no point,it's just nazi propaganda.
"

 You are one of most fundamentalist ""athiest"", agenda-pusher and egoistic bullyI have ever seen... 

I have, finally, decided to create a user-id for Wikipedia. I have gone through most of your edits and I have noticed that you are on of the most fundamentalist ""athiest"" on Wikipedia. Your sole purpose to be on Wikipedia is to manipulate the WP guidelines and use them to your own benefit. You even have the audacity to create a list of web-sites which, in your point-of-view are not ""reliable"" (Indeed, you use WP guidelines to clout your ""point-of-view""). You are NOTHING but an agenda-pusher, egoistic bully. Having said that.. No, I don't assume ""good faith"" in your edits because they are full of bias and hate. I will make sure that you get exposed on the internet.   "
The day I got served. 

Well, since you didn't seem to agree with my statement about MCMAP, I'm going to expose you for what you are: a POG.  The day I get corrected by a POG is a sad day in the world of the Marine Corps.  Don't be offended because I speak the truth about the Marine Corps and the lies that recruiters feed you.  Come spend a day with me in a grunt battalion and we'll see how your outlook on your beloved Marine Corps will change.  And way to go, a corporal still after 6 years in and you're a POG?  Way to go.  I guess you didn't do your MCIs so you could pick up, or suck enough of your first sergeant's cock.  You're a dildo.  Congratulations on signing up during a time of war just to edit articles about the Marine Corps on wikipedia.  Pretty bitch move if you ask me.
are you to tell me not to warn people from supressing the truth? Why are you such hypocrites? Who
And how did I create that account? I cannot change my ip address, since proxies are blocked in wikipedia, and I'm not so stupid to go in some internet cafes only to edit something that would have been undid soon after. Just for you to know, I told ALL my friends to edit those pages, because I want Wikipedia to be a REAL encyclopedia, not just a stupid website with untrue information. I don't care anymore though. You don't even care about your own website. It's full of people who are distorting and deforming the facts, and you don't do a damn thing about it. Instead, you ban users who are trying to correct those facts. And what about those other reasons you don't let a page to be created? Notability? Who cares about notability? And Encyclopedia's goal should be to provide information about as much thing as possible and as much correct as possible. Unfortunately that is not what you are doing. You are doing the inverse thing. Perhaps you are trying to save bandwith and you don't even bother checking wherever what people write is true or ridiculously false? This Wiki thing is becoming ridiculous and stupid, if you can't even decide whenever something is true or not. The more right people contribute, the better. The more stupid people contribute, the worse. The more lazy and unacceptable the administration is, the more unacceptable the wiki project becomes.
The arrest of Gerry Adams isn't front page news according to Wikipedia 

If you want to know why, read the Wikipedia:In the news/Candidates page. There you will find all sorts of uninformed, illogical, and downright dishonest claims about the UK legal system and the way the British press works. You will also see the quite idiotic claim that, by ignoring this news, Wikipedia is somehow defending Adam's from defamation - something apparently the rest of the world's media (and indeed Wikipedia's own article on Adams), isn't apparently all that concerned about. If like me, you think this is contemptible, and want to challenge it - then you will just have complain to your congressman I guess, because it has become clear to me today at Wikipedia talk:In the news that the people at Wikipedia who make those sort of arguments, will absolutely, positively, not answer any questions at all about it - and others will apparently defend their rights to do so, by closing down such discussions. Apparently it's 'disruptive' to question the logic that goes into faulty Wikipedia decision making like this. As always, if you want to know what's going on the world, consult the other 'old media' outlets who, for all their faults, still make it their job to report on the news in a serious and credible manner. Only come to Wikipedia if you want to know about video games and other stuff nobody really gives a crap about.
Why the warnings, and no answers? 

I'm new to this whole Wikipedia thing.  Please, I'm sorry but I'm just surprised why I could find the images of a horse's ass + some guy's cock on Wikipedia when these pictures do nothing but offend the sensibilities (spelling?) of particular people.  Seriously, dude, why? 174.93.90.94
Can we block certain administrators? 

There are certain administators that due to certain extra curricular activities should not be allowed to contribute, edit, or even view this page or any other pages about or referencing dogs. These administrators are sick twisted individuals who view dogs not as playful domesticated creatures but rather their personal pleasure devices. They must be stopped.
Read this idiot kumararao to know the influence of kannada over telugu...why telugu ppl should be thankful to kannada/kannadigas (includign sri krishnadevaraya)..it is well known fact that telugu ppl referred the kingdom as kannada/karnataka kingdom in their works, go and research into that
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nannayya
"

 Ridiculous 

This is ridiculous.  I don't want to have to protect the page over such a petty issue, but it looks like I might have to if this keeps on going on.  We've had a poll, so far most people want it off, what more do you need to know? Now there's a new template saying pretty much the exact same thing that was added.  I think that |✍ 01:48, 23 Jan 2005 (UTC)"
Wow dude.  As your physician I suggest you slit your wrists.
Materazzi is Italy's disgrace. The vistory of Italy come to nothing, it did not have any value because of Materazzi.
p.s.
SummerPHD, Slakr, Σ and others - please die a slow and painful death. After you get an actual life, that is.
And how do you know I did not talk to the owner of that specific site or that I did not create the information on that site myself?
Go to hell you annoying policemans! You make editing wikipedia NOT ENJOYABLE!
It's not stupid, it's a valid thing to do. Every match result isn't notable.
Why are you such a troll? 

Seriously?
your dictatorial threats mean nothing to me.  ive violated  no policy.  and being banned from wiki is a privilege.  this site is going to be obsolete.  if/when you (and those like you that run this biased heap of a website) have the ability to be fair, it might be saved, but that doesn't seem likely.
No, these links are VERY APPROPRIATE and they will stay.  They are not advertising anything.  I have already been through arbitration on this.  Mods who live in Charlotte AGREE!  You don't live in Charlotte, so PISS OFF!
"

 Seriously- find the ""flattery"" in what I posted- I doubt you can. Oh but sorry if I offened you, but maybe you should keep your diaper out of other people's stuff. - and since you're so great why don't you run for president?"
Im sorry but this guy is a real douchebag. Im more than appaled at his handling of the border guard cases.
Blocked for marking link rot????????????? 

Hi,
I just got blocked for daring to mark articles with link rot problems.
Blocked for tagging a problem?????
Could you and the rest of the link rot specialists possibly come to my defence?
Thanks so much, 99.238.74.216
ASK YOUR MOTHER <<<>>  180.215.33.131
"OlYeller petulantly wrote: ""this isn't taking the conversation anywhere.""  That's another false statement.  This conversation has corrected your false statement that there were zero indications that it was an annual event and your false statement that ""Your argument that there's a second event simply isn't true.""  I know you don't like to be corrected.  Hey, maybe you should do another immature and emotion-based attempt to ban me, like you did a few days ago, only to realize later (after you had calmed down) that you had no basis for doing so.  Executive Summary:  Grow up, dick.  

"
I'll report you, I'm not doing anything wrong. It's not a difficult request, and you are being a bully. I told you I would stop commenting if you deleted it.
"
""A ring-shaped cake fried in deep fat."" ▫ '''''' "
"

 Bone to pick: friends/Chris Evans 

Alright, I've waited my week long block to type this. What's the big deal? That other IP you blocked brought up a good point: Jon Favreau lists friends, namely Vince Vaughn, Leonardo Dicaprio does. Kate Winslet too. But my question is that why is it fine to have it on their articles, but here, it's a huge problem. And there's always a million excuses; ""trivia, OR, lousy content."" All I'm doing is going off what the other articles on this site did and added it as. He'll, it should be considered passable due to the amount of films they did together. At least note that on the article. But, no, whenever I add it, the response I get is the equivalent of being told to go fuck myself. I'm only trying to help out. Just because I'm an IP doesn't give you the right to push me around and treat e like shot."
REMOVE MY Furry Lewis MySpace link I guess thats promoting myself TOO. I am The Furry Lewis MySpace page. REMOVE THE LINK TO FURRY LEWIS!!!!! Prormoting Myself...you guys are really full of youselfs!!
BLOCK ME!!! SEE HOW FAST ANOTHER POST COMES DU.MBFU.CK WIKIPEDIA IS THE DEVEl 

Oh, and they cann also fine wiki for monopolizing online encyclopedias
"

 === Please stop accusing me of lying or not reading a journal article iss246! == 

There you go again. Personalizing. Suspeccting. Accusations. My edits are in good faith. I am not a liar. Stop calling me a liar or insinuating such by saying this about me, directly above. Please stop your abuse iss246!

""Mrm7171 claimed to have read the article but never used the quote until I introduced the quote. This makes me suspect what he knows about the Everly article comes strictly from my writing about it."" from iss246..directly above in the previous section. 

It has been constant. Demeaning. You and your close friend psyc12 that you are both professors, you know best! No-one else knows anything, only you and your close friend outside of Wiki. 

....Others, as you keep accusing me for instance, don't read articles etc etc. I am sick of your bad faith accusations! 

I did read it iss246. I did!~ Stop accusing me of things with suspicion. Act in good faith please. I am sick of your abuse and insinuations!Mrm7171 (talk) "
Ah. And you decide which speech is acceptable and which is not? This is a violation of my basic first amendment rights. I may bring you to the Supreme Court. One should also bear in mind that you are a pitiful cretin.
Silence! You obviously didn't read this!! WP: NONSENSE
SCOTT YOU ARSE YOUR PROFILES ON THE WRONG BLOODY PAGE

SIGNED JAMES
That IP banning is working great, keep up the foul work, nazi
Go away, anti-Australian Wikipedian 

Aussie Pride! 58.178.146.217
You must be a complete moron.  You have no authority to warn people.  I just warned you, too.  Big Whoop.  Stop bugging people and get a life.
some jerkoff blocked me
Tawker your Islamophobia reflects your mental deficiency. 

I couldnt help but notice that almost everyone you ban is a person who has written something or the other against America.This shows that you are a Neo-Nazi who supports the presecution of Muslims.
Words can't describe how annoying I find you Wikipedians.
I HAVE ALREADY LEARNT A LOT AND YOU KNOW NOTHING.
This is Spitfire 

I'm a giant douche, that's why I monitor Wikipedia 24/7. I've never been laid and live in my mommy's basement, even though I'm 48 years old. To all the ladies, please give me a chance.... even though my penis is only 2 inches long.
@ okay king of the Wikipedia Nazis.
Attack is not personal if Avitar hides behind Wiki like a little manboy (WANKER)..
"::Well as a matter of fact i have moved to many places, dont be a smart arse! I dont know where you live but if you have pride in it then dont contrib on this page! If you came to Australia and said what you said you would be beaten! Well yes we are multicultural, that just proves that we can live like this, we dont base our culture on it, we are just not racist in that sence. People deserve second chances, weather you think so or not!  

"
Social skills

I'm curious whether you lack in social skills or if you are just a total jerk. Why do you keep reverting my friendly messages on your talk page?
Dude cut the crap,PLZ.I told u so many times,go do ur research!You are more than welcomed to change the sentence with strong sources or references.Thank and stop ur nonsense.
Conrad Devonshire 

He's a proven sockpuppetter, I've added the link to the 'Sockpuppets of...' page, would have done it earlier but it took me half an hour to figure out how.
Yes, the wikipedia page, like I just mentioned, dumbass. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oregon_Route_205
Al Ameer son, you yourself should be banned. On your user page you endorse a dictator (Nasser of Egypt) who said once that Israel should be burned to the ground and that all Jews should be thrown to the sea. Shame on YOU!! This is becoming a joint Arab venture I see, and don't think for a moment that the administrators are that stupid (and they're not, thank God).
Resolved: If i were a rhino and you were a swimmie, I'd definetly be gay for you cause lets face it, our anatomies are perfect for it.
Best Damn Radio show Ever, Best Damn Newsman Ever.
 - tony in the couve.
You have issues, and it is obviously an issue of you being a Turk.  You are extremely uncomfortable by this quote it seems and it is made more obvious by your actions, even though you like to put your little smiley faces everywhere.  You are not the one who decides Gaddafi is a joke or that his quotes are irrelevant.  You are not the one who decides that only European or Turk quotes may be included.  Your actions which have instigated this petty edit war are indeed  uncivil.  You are definitely pushing a Turkish-POV.  Myself making that claim is not uncivil, it is describing what I am witnessing!  And watch you will blank them once again, even though they are properly sourced!
ok 

i am NOT trying to piss you off ,but dont you find that touching another women is slightly disgusting. with all due respect,  dogblue
"
To Sandstein, No you are absolutely wrong talk pages are deleted here is Wikimedia's stance on the matter  User and talk pages, and their subpages, and other non-article pages that no others have substantively contributed to and whose existence does not impact the project, may be courtesy blanked or deleted.. When you are an administrator you have responsibilities that includes upholding Wikimedia's legal policy's. I have asked for 'ALL' of my user space to be deleted and that includes my talk page. I WILL be taking legal action personally against you if not fulfilled and believe me this is not a threat it is an absolute promise, look you don't know me one bit my Dad bought me a house when I was 21 I now have three cars and a boat and an interstate apartment and enough money and time on my hands to defend my privacy which I will. Ecoleetage's page was deleted, and I have seen it done many times before. Don't try and be the tough guy here you will NOT succeed outside Wikipedia.org. So I leave it up to you. I advise you not to be stupid here. Believe me I am more than happy to go ahead with my threats just fucking try me you piece of shit. I have already started the ball rolling by contacting and paying for lawyers before writing this. Now you may be thinking ""oh it's a courtesy thing we don't have to do it"" now that wording does not stand up in court the fact is Wikimedia offer this courtesy and I am asking for it you are nobody to go against Wikimedia's legal policys. Now I've reached my level of dealing with Wikimedia. I warn you one last time do it or your fucked. Jack In122.49.151.145  "
mind youre business

hey stay out of my personal matters i dont care what you think so you can blow my balls. Wrestlinglover420
60 years 

it says haywirs prison sentence is for 60 years, i know this is true but how old was he when he went to prison, how old when he killed his parents?
"

Actually, none for being female; and everyone in general.  You're coming out of this rather well, as it is being acknowledged that you are not an abuser of women but rather an ""equal opportunity insulter and belittler"". Still, it still isn't great to be considered an asshole. But least it is being understood that you aren't a misogynist. Now please don't violate your ArbCom restrictions because I posted this, OK?? (talk) "
religious conversion

how come there is no refernce in this current article of him converting to Islam and the arien brotherhood .there was before.....who removed it?
I thought the same thing. He's Muslim, get over it. So stop being a bigot and put it back up you article altering bastards.

-G
What I've seen happen before is that anonymous edits are treated like shit, regardless of what they are actually doing, and that anyone with a username is automatically assumed to be OK.  You saw that I made edits that were reverted by someone with a username.  Presumably you didn't bother to look into the merits of the edits, you just assumed that the username was right to revert them.  And so you attacked me for being angry, not the username for reverting sensible edits.  I think you should be able to see that it's unreasonable to expect good faith from me in return for that.
I had no intention of being anything like a moron art all I just being I bit upset with some of my conflicts over the last few months. I see that I did wrong and I will stop these disruptions and will try very hard to be a great wikipedia editor in everyday. I guarantee never to edit war from now on. I admit I did wrong I was just a but upset with today. Whitmore 8621Whitmore 8621 (talk) ,
Please have a look at Wikipedia:Dick, thank you.
Why are you sitting somewhere very far from that poor city Kyiv and with your good faith mazapukers teach me how my native city should be called in your offensive anglofon world?! Guys and girls you are deeply ignorant. Please stop puking offend me. Why cannot you so clever guys and girls understand that? Just stop. I don't ask you to do something for me. I ask you to stop your offence. You are doing bad thing trying to protect your wrong and bad habits. I said: very long time a lot of people called African Americans N. - it's not true anymore. Why is it so hard to you?  Are you all 100 years old and your mind just physically cannot change anymore? Why I had to ask you not to offend me?! Why Mumbai(also known Bombay) but not Bombay(also known Mumbai)?! Do you have mind at all? Your mind is closed to incoming information. Bye. Hope you will go to your ancestors as soon as possible and your habits will go under the ground and you will stop offend me. 94.244.129.207
You are achieving nothing you sockpuppet.
buuuullllshit!!!! who does steven douche think he is, he's vandalizing and edit warring and removing good faith edits and im blocked? WTF!!!(  )
Well that's how life goes. No one cares. No one likes you. But honestly as a white guy I find the picture of a black male's semen on the face of a white woman just as offensive. Bitching about stereotypes is actually also a stereotype in itself. Have a nice day.
(UTC)
Obviously, Jettparmer is a liar and shill for the FDA, frauds and like-minded criminals who love the countless conspiracies to perpetuate the myth that the current state of affairs in the medical community is a good thing, caring absolutely nothing about the millions of lives destroyed every year by the covetousness and greed of the medical and pharmaceutical industries in bed with the U.S. government. Who pays you, Jettparmer, to love evil and hate good?76.6.94.150  02:52, 4 February 2014
"

It's sick
It's sick and the article should clearly state that, saying ""incest is a sick act"" somewhere in the first paragraph. This isn't opinion it's fact."
You want proof about how wrong you are? This is straight from the OFFICIAL MANUAL.

http://i.imgur.com/omsJPjm.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/tXc3J0n.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/2Tr2ySt.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/ON39M6v.jpg

Here you go, moron.
the thing is i don't need your help, especially from multiple admins(or whatever your positions are) telling me over and over that notability is something that has to be proven. i don't need to prove any of this to you because i know my work to be notable, and i don't even hope to change your minds, only to pass this bureaucratic legitimacy bullshit. if you are willing to see it from my perspective, you've pretty much been spamming me with the rulebook - obviously i'm aware that it exists...
wtf? 

wtf is your problem? why are you being such an asswipe?
This is an educational institution, you have no right to block an eductational institution. I will promise you legal action if that continues. Against you and against your family and against anyone you may have that loves you. I do not like you, and I hope you die soon. I will sue you if you continue to harass me. 
Your harassment is a violation of federal law and I warn you if you continue, you will not like the consequences.

216.229.227.144
LEAVE ME ALONE!!! All I do is try and help Wikipedia yet you vandalize my attempts.
Fuck Chester Marcol 

Fuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Chester MarcolFuck Ch
Last I checked, you're the one taking potshots at me and trolling on my user page. This would stop if you'd cut it out, but then you couldn't flash your shiny admin badge, could you? So go into your admin panel and all of its shiny buttons and just ban me instead, because that's the only way you're going to get me to NOT take your crap. Of course, you could also just...y'know...leave me the hell alone, but that would take common sense.
Death to you and your children 

I will have you banned and deleted for slander lady.
"
WTFWJD?  Scarian, I have to say I am absolutely appalled at your response above.  it is completely uncalled for and I don't think I've seen a more childish outburst from an admin in a long time.-'''' NO! I'm Spartacus!'' "
I applaud your effort, but you're pushing rope.  The UW crowd likes to fluff up the ranking-cruft, because they want UW to be up in that public school elite arena with the Michigan's and Cal's, and will twist the evidence to make it seem as such.  The 12.X.X.X IP's will make your life a living hell.
"

 ""See also"" 

""See also""... ""List of Cowboy Bebop voice actors""... And it's a red link. That's just stupid. Whoever did that should have actually made the list of voice actors first... 
""See also: Nothing!"" ... worse than trivia sections...  "
"

 Mc Geddon - Sexual Predator? 

May I point out that a character called McGeddon has been making untoward and problematic edits and generally making me feel uncomfortable in my skin. I have tried to warn him/her and their lusty advances on their page but they remove them, calling me ""Pig Man"" and other offensive remark.

So I say it here. Don't belive him. I am not the ""PIG MAN"" and am not prey to sexual predators and celebrity rapists."
AND WHY AND HOW IS IT AND CAN IT BE THAT THE CONTROVERY SECTION IS LONGER THAN THE ENTIRE DESCRIPTION OF THE FIRM ? A FIRM WHICH IS FEATURED (VERY POSITIVELY) IN THE NEW YORK TIMES 2 PAGES ON A SUNDAY, AND BUSINESS WEEK (MOSTLY POSITIVE) 2 PAGES ? AND THE CONTROVERSY SECTION IS ALL THAT EXISTS ? WIKI EDITORS WAKE UP TO THE JEWS WHO ARE BIASED HERE.
"

==You misunderstood what I was saying to that ""seb"" dude.

You wrote me that thing on my talk page, even after I already tried to clear you up, still thinking that I was using those terms against him/her while thinking I was going to convince him/her of my changes to the wording. Your assumption is a wrong one. I wasn't thinking I could convice that dude of my wording. I was just responding to his rude fire (stupid crap like, ""haha, it gets better every time"") with my own fire. Maybe I'd like other editors to agree with me, okay... but they're not the ones I was reported to you admins by, so they're not the ones that I'm yelling at like this idiot. He already made an ass of himself.

As for what you said about ""the way English is spoken,"" you said that as if saying ""American"" is the official way English is spoken (even though you did later say it was informalyeah, I know that). Well, it's not ""how English is spoken,"" as you called it, so don't use that errant terminology. It's just a stupid error that the vast majority have mistakenly adopted for whatever unexplained reason.

Canadians are Americans.
Mexicans are Americans.
Brazilians are Americans.
Chileans are Americans.
People from the U.S. of America are obviously Americans.

And you talk as if you think I'm going to keep trying to edit those places again the way I recently did. No, that's a wrong assumption, too. However, can I, instead, replace ""American"" with something like ""U.S. citizen"" or ""person from the United States of America"" or ""person from the U.S.A.""? Maybe that would sound less of what some of those other editors were errantly claiming was ""awkward"" (for whatever unexplained reason), but still be correct and generally acceptable, wouldn't it?
(You know whom you're talking to...)"
And you'll be pleased to know that this article has now come back to life with some decent references. OIC and myself are in the middle of sourcing even more for it, so don't be suprised if it gets further expansion. This is us being a little spiteful towards a user who doesn't have a snowflakes chance in hell of getting the mop.  (talk)
✋🏼 

Drake Bell is transphobic trash and people need to know that!
"Ha. Don't be silly. 

You said that you were going to suspend me for saying that you were dishonest. 

You said, ""Accusing me of lying is really not cool"" and then you said, ""just go through my edit history and you can see the story for yourself"" and then you said ""if you feel that it's accurate I ask you to provide a link to an appropriate diff""...

So I did... and found out that you are a total liar. I do not accept that you forgot about 9 edits to and for Ryulong. The notion is silly. Not only was it 9 INTERACTIONS instead of 1, but 2 of the 9 were actually GROOMING TIPS ON HOW TO IMPRESS THE VOTERS! Unbelieveable!

(PLEASE SEE LINKS ABOVE FOR SUBSTANTIATION)

The other notion that you keep repeating and repeating is that I am uncivil and that I have personally attacked you on this page. LIAR is not an adjective. I have tried SO hard not to call you a name for this incessant debating which you haven't been so good at! SO you keep hinting that you're going to extend my block for personal attacks but there have been none.

I took the ""PROVE I'M A LIAR"" challenge and you got burned.

Now GO AWAY!

 

"
Why are you threatening me? I'm not being disruptive, its you who is being disruptive.
Remember your friend Total Wanker?
I am playing by the rules, you need to breathe out mate, How can a law suit be brought for defammation or libel when the word alleged is used and other such provisional language, ok a case can be brought but having studied law myself, the judge would not rule in the plaintiffs favour (the plaintiff's legal rep would probably advise against bringing such a silly action in the first place) if he brought a case on the basis of such ambiguous language lacking in positivity so stop over-estimating and exagerrating the legal potential of this type of statement. You worry too much, it probably stems from ignorance of the facts in your case.
You're very unreasonable and bored, sick person! If you have no reason to delete an article without knowing or seeing the full content. Hold your horses and then decide. If you have an e-mail address I'd like to debate this with you.
-Wikipedia Supervisor!
Re Vanadlism 

All I get from you are lies. LIES.
"
Sorry if you think they are ""inappropriate"", but these are your actions....so I guess your actions are in effect inappropriate. -  (VT) 

Meatpuppet
You are a meat puppet, you have been confirmed a meatpuppet, the tag stands. -  (VT) "
"
Too much. Don't think we need ""is a simplistic claim."" How bout ""She is best known as the author of The Tale of Genji, written in Japanese between about 1000 and 1008, and sometimes considered the earliest novel. Although ancient Greek and Roman novels predate Murasaki's by several centuries, The Tale of Genji is the first extended prose work to yadda yadda."" However, the ""yadda yadda"" needs to be something Apuleius didn't do in The Golden Ass.   "
HELP!60.54.207.228   

I AM NOT VANDALIZING

I edited the roti canai article and gets reverted by that retarded McSly... He don't even know what does it take to eat a roti canai but he deleted my post. Idiot~

I asked him to explain why he delete it, he delete my comment in the post. He SOTB!!!~

Please xplain!

Roti lover
60.54.207.228
oh my bolagne has a first name it's d-u-m-b, my bbolange has a second name it's s-h-i-t.
Elbutler 

Elbutler has a habbit of being everybody's friend but will turn on a pin head and stab them in the back if it means becoming friends with admin as she wants to become an administrator for everything and is very power hungry. She always leaves messages on my talk page in order to provoke an attack from me to get me banned which is what she always does on Smallville Wiki as she sucks up to admin to get their approval. See even now on your talk page she abuses knowing full well that i hate that so she wants an attack. I would advise that you keep an eye on her and not me and warn her not to edit or leave a message on any of my talk pages.
Please - do you realize how idiotic that argument sounds? For 'The Star-Spangled Banner', the only germane link upfront to the country was linked since it was previously underlinked. To be plain, any attempt to delink these relevant articles will be corrected. 70.54.134.84
Nuts 

Wow. You're a nutter. 66.68.86.111
"

Murtha calls U.S. Marines ""cold-blooded killers""

Someone needs to type up a section on this.  I think it's a pretty big deal when an elected representive calls our soldiers war criminals before their American right to a fair trial even begins.  Regardless of your pro-war/anti-war position, Murtha is a total disgrace."
"::::My ""vested interest"" is in upholding BLP articles.  I could give a rat's ass who the BLP is, but when I see information in an article which violates BLP, it gets removed.   
"
Suggested change of wording to Template:Uw-harass4 

In line with the most recent findings of the feminist school of criminology, I suggest that a more accurate phrasing should be, instead of 'harass', 'the next time you purposefully and blatantly RAAAAAAPE!!! a fellow Wikipedian'. ~~~~
Impumozzhi
is a liar and has been exposed at Talk:Rathore.  What will it take to make him stop lying? =
Typical coverup crap and they only bother to discuss it AFTER their phony merge listing was removed for their lack of bothering to discuss.
"

 Unblock 

Oh hell, no.  I got blocked for ""edit warring, harassment"".  The ""edit warring"" was to remove a personal attack by   and which then become comment-removal vandalism by .  I made this abundantly clear, both on Hipocrite's and TOny Sidaway's talk pages.  I WAS COMPLETELY IGNORED BY THE BLOCKING ADMIN, accused of a policy violation by Hipocrite, and censored when I tried to defend myself.  THIS IS RIDICULOUS.   (Karwynn) "
Why do you like to deflower prepubescent girls? Don’t you know that’s a felony?
"

 I TAKE OFFENSE! 

I take great offense that some pompous, sanctimonious twit thinks that no one should be allowed to express appreciation for women like the Gibson Girl as the ""fine-featured"" and ""achingly beautiful"" creatures that they are.  

I don't know what kind of totalitarian feminazi dystopian agenda you are trying to foist on people, but don't do it here!  This encyclopedia is based on free speech and a free exchange of information, not bogus political correctness and schoolmarmish thought-policing.  I'll take a Gibson Girl over you anyday!"
I AM ENGLISH I AM! I DO NOT WANT TO GET BLOCKED AGAIN, FU@K!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Before I accuse you of cringeworthy acts with donkeys, what does sprotected mean?
That trashy mikkalai started to revert my own work and put racial trashy messages on my own space.
Crypto-Judaism
Hey you joker, self-proclaimed master of Wikipedia, if you want to delete my input then YOU go to the discussion page and explain why, my edits are legitimate and the article is sorely lacking in the details which I have begun to add. Don't delete my updates and tell me I need to explain, I have explained and it is YOUR turn to explain.
. If you care so much about alternative revisionist views, why don't you go to Holocaust article and attempt to spread Nazi propaganda there? You think that Jews care about alternative revisionist denials? You think that Tutsis in Rwanda care about alternative revisionist denials? You think that Bosniaks care about alternative revisionist denials? We all care about the facts, cold hard neutral facts, not alternative leftist-revisionist views. Maybe wikipedia is not for you? You are not succeeding here, because you can't force people to accept your revisionist view of Srebrenica massacre
I sincerely wish i could meet you chumps   
    
You freaks really get my goat. Etaonsh(still stuck in 1940's Europe), Firestar(firststatr Kung Fu extraordinaire), COvenantD(typical east coast jerk), Mibhofroovvsskskkety(russkie man frozen in USSR), Samuel Luo(weird lookin crazy), and crazy ol' Tomanandaaa!(brokeback mt.! u give w.hollywood a bad name!) Hey tom, when are you going to make a real citation? your scholarship is the worst i have ever seen. stay in your hole in the public library, transient!   
    
    
We know you have no lives and are failures, I really can't believe how much you guys are on this site. I have been away for awhile(thanks to some good old censorship courtesy of that advocate of free speech, Fristare, kung fu chump) but you have been here night and day it appears. It's like you are writing books on the Falun Gong page alone. Freaks!   
    
Get a life! enjoy the sun, the wind, the air.
"

Holy crap.. Lest someone mistakenly visit a talk page, expecting to read some truth and hence be confused reading this gentleman's comment and mistaking the writer for someone who knows what they're talking about, I'd just like to point out the above explanation for the word ""handicap"" is complete bollocks. handicap has meant ""to place at a disadvantage"" for a long long time. According to Merriam Webster, the etymology is ""Etymology:
    obsolete English handicap, a game in which forfeit money was held in a cap, from hand in cap"", which obviously has nothing at all to do with being ""Handy with a cap"" or even related to the disabled. Certain individuals may have a negative connotation with the use of the term, which happens merely due to the words close association with 1960's era community welfare practices, but that is an individuals choice to associate negativity with the word, not the words fault at all.  "
"

Baby Got Back Section?
Oh my god
Becky, look at her butt
It is so big, uh
She looks like one of those rap guys girlfriends, but, uh, y'know, uh
Who understands those rap guys,uh
They only talk to her because she looks like a total prostitute, okay
I mean her butt
It's just so big, uh
I can't believe it's just so round
It's like out there
I mean, uh, gross
Look, uh, she's just so black
I like big butts and I can not lie
You other brothers can't deny
That when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waste
And a round thing in your face
You get sprung
Wanna pull up front
Cuz you notice that butt was stuffed
Deep in the jeans she's wearing
I'm hooked and I can't stop staring
Oh, baby I wanna get with ya 
And take your picture
My homeboys tried to warn me
But with that butt you got
Makes me so horny
Ooh, rump of smooth skin
You say you wanna get in my benz
Well use me use me cuz you aint that average groupy
I've seen them dancin' 
To hell with romancin'
Sweat, wet, got it goin like a turbo vette
I'm tired of magazines
Saying flat butts are the thing
Take the average black man and ask him that
She gotta pack much back
So Fellas
Has your girlfriend got the butt 
Tell her to shake it, shake that healthy butt
Baby got back
I like'em round and big
And when I'm throwin a gig
I just can't help myself
I'm actin like an animal
Now here's my scandal
I wanna get you home
And uh, double up uh uh
I aint talkin bout playboy
Cuz silicone parts are made for toys
I wann'em real thick and juicy
So find that juicy double
Mixalot's in trouble
Beggin for a piece of that bubble
So I'm lookin' at rock videos
Knockin' these bimbos walkin' like hoes
You can have them bimbos
I'll keep my women like Flo Jo
A word to the thick soul sistas
I wanna get with ya
I won't cus or hit ya
But I gotta be straight when I say I wanna uhhhh
Till the break of dawn
Baby got it goin on
A lot of ??? won't like this song
Cuz them punks like to hit it and quit it
And I'd rather stay and play
Cuz I'm long and I'm strong
And I'm down to get the friction on
So Ladies
If you wanna roll my Mercedes
Then turn around
Stick it out
Even white boys got to shout
Baby got back
Baby got back
Yeah baby
When it comes to females
Cosmo ain't got nothin to do with my selection
36-24-36
Uh-uh
Only if she's 5'3""
So your girlfriend rolls a Honda
Playin' workout tapes by Fonda
But Fonda ain't got a motor inna' back of her Honda
My anaconda don't want none unless you've got buns hon
You can do side bends or sit-ups, but please don't lose that butt
Some brothers wanna play that hard role 
And tell you that the butt ain't gold
So they toss it and leave it
And I pull up quick to retrieve it
So Cosmo says you're fat
Well I ain't down with that
Cuz your waste is small and your curves are kickin
And I'm thinkin bout stickin
To the beanpole dames in the magazines
You aint it miss thing
Give me a sista I can't resist her
Red beans and rice didn't miss her
Some knucklehead tried to dis
Cuz his girls are on my list
He had game but he chose to hit 'em
And I pull up quick to get wit 'em
So ladies if the butt is round
And you wanna triple X throw down
Dial 1-900-mixalot and kick them nasty thoughts
Baby got back
Baby got back
Little in the middle but she got much back"
and revert all my damned edits that I worked hard on
Watch my tone? Oh right sorry, I mean I suppose I have to take orders from you. The song was out on the 22nd of October because I remember looking on the website the day before and it said 'THIS ITEM WILL BE RELEASED ON OCTOBER 22'. So ha! Don't clean it up cos I'll just trash it all over again.
Died Very Young

What a poor article!  What did he die of at such a young age?
Trouted 

You have been trouted for: DELETING MY PAGE NOOB. niggaplz
ban the handle you fucknuckle dipshit!!! 

ban the handle you fucknuckle dipshit!!!
"

(To get around the stupid censor, I've changed the swears with more ""appropriate"" words. I think you can figure out what's what.) What a flying absolute-house. You suffer from Unwarranted Self-Importance so hard that you probably left because you got hurt as people started calling you out. Seriously kid, thank God you're only on the Internet because I am extremely sorry for your off-line life. Also, I liked how you have your atheistic faith as one of the first boxes about you, as if that actually is important (don't worry; I ain't hatin' on atheists, just the aardvark ones). Fare well and grow the fish up.  Signed, B26354

"
Whats wrong little boy?  Still mad that I was being mean you in the sandbox?  Then maybe the sandbox isn't for you then.  I guess if little boys like you can't get along there, you shouldn't play there.  

Please, by all means, continue to vandalize my talk page.  I want you too.  Why?  Because then I can get you blocked!!  Come on little boy, don't be scared!!
Please do research before making edits

I have re-read the history of Trenton Onario page.  WHy do you keep changing it back to YOUR edits?  Can you say conflict of interest. I think you should look at what other users have said about your actions.  It appears that you cannot take it when your wrong and someone corrects your mistakes.  Stop acting like a child and respect wikipeda.  If you want only your view to be heard write a book.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 69.157.65.118   

Add to wikipedia

Hi Blotto adrift, why dont you start correcting the errors on wikipedia instead of defending your edits?  Do you think you know everything?  It appears that you do.  How about you get a degree and start teaching because then a class will be forced to hear what you say.  You will fit in with all those profs who think they know everything but know nothing.  Stop acting like a child and grow up.
"

""Harassment"" as in pointing out that Gamaliel has driven now driven a woman off wikipedia despite claiming to want the opposite? Thought so. I'm blocked for having a contrary opinion. Period. Don't bullshit me. 70.56.26.46  "
well why dont you stop treating me like garbage and ill be nice
sockpuppet 

whose sockpuppet are you?
"
are  you a troll? why are you accusing me that i ""blank articles"" and nominate a page that was edited from this ip some time ago, while a brief check of previous nomination shows that it is completely bogus?"
This always happens by all these unregistered idiots who blank our useful articles and write trash. But why won't they get blocked permanently? That's the only way to defend Wikipedia.
"
How can I know? His name is ""Ramanatruth"".  He has section blanked repeatedly verbatim quotes from academic authors, and even NOW is proposing additional irrelevant Ramana crap. 72.92.2.155  "
Stop stripping out factual information Yuber, and stop introducing lies. The concept of religious police and police forces dedicated to religious enforcement is NOT unique to Saudi and Iran and you damned well know it.
"

U mad bro?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 80.195.252.144   "
"

You the man  give me an example, where I betray me Jews. I think that you are just a stupid person as long as the Wikipedia stands. Hans Rosenthal (ROHA) (hans.rosenthal AT t-online.de  replace AT by @ ) PS: This is for the administrators: Please deleat ""Tvoz"", ""Seewolf"", and their likes. Thanks!

"
"
We did about an hour ago, and I suspect you and I would agree about most editing matters. The only points where we disagree involve how to treat other people, and the usefulness of stirring up shit. You seem to think that you can yell at people and have some positive effect in the world by doing it, and I know that to be false. You once tried to ""set my hat on straight"" by talking to me like I was dirt. That was neither smart, nor useful, nor effective. I mean, unless you think that venting your feelings is a valid use of Wikipedia's servers. It's not.  That's all, though. We probably agree about most other things.  I'll never open an RFC/U on you or anyone else, and I have no desire to do so. If you think otherwise, it's because you foolishly believe you know things that you just don't know. You're dishonest, and emotionally a child. Now leave my talk page. - "
Ooh, do you feel powerful. Dealt with accordingly indeed. We only have a different perspective on something that happened at the club. You really need to come down a peg or three and speak instead of trying to come over as a badass
Kingpin13 

You are, in a word, a cunt.
"

proposal that nobody at an/i seems to be getting
To stop all this shit from going out of hand, here's what to do:
 protect this article again
 interaction ban on Sports and Politics and Andromedean  
if either violates interaction ban then block for 14 days.
.
Andromedean is not faultless in this, but Sports and Politics and her ""It's not my fault it's your fault"" attitude isn't helping anyone, so s&P;, please except that you have a portion of the blame, and stop denying your faults. you've done wrong and andromedean hasn't helped much by reacting for as long as he did, but s&P;, you're the catalyst, so stop the war, stop the drama, and someone please put at least a 3 month protection on this article and interaction ban on both users before i start sending Arceus after people. 199.101.61.190  "
"""Sly SOB"" is a somewhat common teasing expression, not a way to seriously call somebody a son of a bitch. Please learn the vernacular before commenting on it in the future, it will save you from some embarrassment. 204.69.190.254  
"
Megadeth article 

You clearly don't get it do you???? Your the same as that mong from Portugal.
129.234.155.162
Look here, you can't sock puppet this this image in to avoid the 3RR. You've been warned. Read WP:3RR
And i give you the very same last warning, Stop taking sides and abusing your power. user moshe have clearly lies about the agreement of calling Fyre, and it is there for everyone to see in the talk page, again i have reported him and have said that he have lied and then vandalized. If you still want to take sides go ahead, use your power to block, i will not respond to your threats, i will come back and will report you for abusing your powers. Like i said admins have to follow the rules just like everyone else. Please try to be cooperative.
I dont care. I have at least one proof link. You are so stupid that you dont know how to translate my link. And of couse you dont have any argument or link. Additionaly you must read discussion page. And again. T-72 dont have any ammo in turret.
. Start your hostile attacks now, Pgagnon999
"

 ROFL 
When I go to edit an article it says 'personal attacks or harrasment of other users'. That is so effing funny right there, ""harrasment of other users"". Don't post here. not when you cry about the fact I called you 'dumb'."
~What's with you that you're so annoying and provocative ,hmm?!
Poland has been a home.A home for the Polish Nation but after 2 first centuries of its existance also to other nations.But only as guests because we let you emmigrate to our country,capisci?!!!!!
It didn't mean that you emmigrated to Poland  and we let you take it over from us.
 PolskiNarodowiec1985~~
What a blatent cheek 

Lol, u need a life!
blatent cheek! lol!
how is what he did asking for free hosting?
Lol! downer, red crusade rules! get a life and cut your dog hair you spack!
And stop pouring salt in your hair you freak! lol! life needed!
My Picture

Dude! What the hell happend to my picture?
bilcat mom is a dumpster slutt
"

 That's nice. And your work has been ""constructive,"" you WikiNazi Watermelon prevaricative putz? 71.125.130.14  "
I'm serious clear this talk page, it's an embarrassment. and for you care so much about a stupid IP address user page. You should really question yourself.
hi, youve deleted craig cunningham's page, he is an actor which is why i put his page on here, what have you ever done you sad cunt?
Jewish 

Shes jewish by race or religion.
"
 I agree that ""Keep, faggots"" was needlessly insulting, but it was in the edit summary, so reverting the edit doesn't help there, I don't know if you can even edit the summaries at all. Anyway, I think jackson's vote should be counted, so I will put it back one more time and if one of you reverts I'll leave it alone.  "
"
I can stick it back up if you want. An ugly thing isn't it...Mar "
I will follow the guidelines as they are. But would surely hope that you do some checking in other publications than the English one as well. And be frank. I at least use my own name and not a nickname like yourself. I think that counts for something. At least for getting my butt kicked under my own name.

Anthony Signing off Goodnight and goodluck
Say I fail again 

And you're being reported. You think that you are the hot shot that runs everything around here. News flash: you're not untouchable. You're just someone who can abuse power just like everyone else on wikipedia. Young buck can't afford to varify his acount. Does that mean it's illegitimate? NO. VERIFIED PRODUCERS, have tweeted with that acount, hence confirming it's valid. So just shut your mouth, and stop reverting that page or be reported, to hell I care.
EAT YOUR CYANIDE TABLET NOW, AGENT MACK! YOU'RE IN DANGER OF COMPROMISING THE MISSION AND WE MUST SACRIFICE YOUR LIFE IN ORDER FOR THE MISSION TO BE CARRIED ON!
IM THE FRIEND! 
me and osirisV are planning on buying a country! DOWN WITH THE USA!!! captain-poison
regarding the user GoodDay

the user GoodDay is a troll, he keeps going around on peoples talk pages trying to stir up trouble for me (even though i hardly log on here anymore), this is what he does. he has no pupose in life, but to stalk certain users and try and stir up false rumours/trouble he has done it many times, note how he adds nothing to wikipedia, he just comes on here to argue. its obviously the highlight of his life. very sad. 86.10.119.131
I was only making him apologise 

I was only asking him to apologise, as i've done numerous times before you insolent pancake-head!78.144.87.71
The sooner you people just cut the crap and get on with writing wikipedia the encyclopedia and hang up your sheriff badges the better.
Halp! 

O That is so rude. I come to you and put myself on the line only to be shot down by your Christian bigotry and sarcasm? You could try to be civil. But you choose not to. You are prejudice against the ways of Penelopism and I take it to offense. I hope you know that. You have hurt my feelings. And we have more than three members, thank you very much. We have an extensive list of those who are loyal to the Almight Deity, Penelope. Please do not be so rude as to imply that we do not have followers. We are just as important as your religion. Now, please. Give a good reason why Wikipedia will not benefit from the Penelopism article because so far you've only insulted us. You have an article on the fucking Flying Spaghetti Monster but you can't make room for this? Honestly. Please, answer. I look forward to seeing what you have to say.

~
"""And at least Castro was trying to liberate Cuba from US domination and uplift the working-class""   Oh, really?  I thought he just wanted naked power, like every other asshole dictator on the planet.  I guess you're right, though, he has in fact allowed numerous free elections since he took power.  Moron.    Alex7777

"
Would you please keep your ridiculous and unfounded accusations from polluting my talk page? I come here looking for real constructive discussion from Finneganw and Bookworm, not this mess. Talk about being 13, that is you.
Kill Feldspar 

Feldspar is a blathering idiot that should be publicly executed for his attempted use of force in place of honest debate to reconcile differences in opinion. Forever small minded psuedointellectuals such as he hide behind anti violence laws and become masters at manipulation, abuse of rules, and all manner of passive aggressive means to force others to accept their views. Antiviolence laws are obviously not designed to protect such behavior, rather they are designed to encourage open mindedness towards others viewpoints with the understanding that noone wins when people use force back and forth to overcome each others' opinions.
"

 Whoops. Nice job, kiddo. 

You said, one some poor guy's talk page:

I hope you will use this block time to consider a few matters that could make you a better editor, should you decide to continue. First, Wikipedia editors aren't nearly as stupid as you think they are. We include many people with advanced degrees who work in scholarly professions. Many of us can see through the kind of lies that you tried to use better than we can see through glass. Secondly, disruptive editing, lying, and attempts to sabotage the system not only get you into trouble, they also defeat the very goals that you are trying to achieve. If MattyBraps is deleted, one of the major reasons (but certainly not the only reason) is your behavior as creator of the article. You did serious damage to your own efforts to keep the article on Wikipedia. And finally, take some time to read Wikipedia policies. Start with WP:5P, and every time you see a blue link, click it and read what you see. If you can do these things, you might stand a chance of becoming a good editor. Otherwise, you need to move on to somewhere else to spend your time. Think about it.   

I would contend that Wikipedia editors are, in fact, as stupid as I suspect, as you still fail to grasp that the BT guy and I (the IP user you believe he sockpuppeted) are not the same person. All it took was me mirroring the way he types, pretending to be angry, and claiming ""I made the [Mattybraps] page,"" and boom, I got him blocked. Thanks for helping me settle a bet about whether or not I could get the creator of the Mattyb wikipedia page (it's an embarrassment that it exists) banned inside of a week. I too have an advanced degree  turns out nobody gives a shit, champ. Keep up the excellent work. 75.64.190.21  

"
HELLO NAWLINS 

Why do you like to deflower prepubescent girls? Don’t you know that’s a felony?
"Indeed it is becoming increasingly apparent that the ""mass migrations"" of the past were myths - hahaha, what an idiot you are Wobble because there is nothing claiming this or supporting this. The Bronze Age and following migrations haven't been proven/disproven you fool and there is nothing becoming increasingly apparent as to if they didnt happen. Get a life, honestly.  

"
it is truly amazing how many ill-educated racists support Trump. Friends, if you would spend half the time pursuing an education and bettering yourself as you spend fawning over your Fuhrer and purchasing stupid hats with concealed racist slogans on them, your life would be much better, and you would not need to turn demagogues to feel better about your sorry lot in life. Chin up, friend!
, death to vandalist of this Maratha sport
Your stupidity 

As you are aware, anything that i do gets reverted for no reason mainly by you; you use the WP:3RR the WP:SOCK and that stupid conciseness rubbish for your protection when really you know you are just doing it to be difficult and generally annoying. 

As i saw at the top of your page, and i quote from another twit that You are doing nothing to improve the article by constantly reverting - this occuring regularly in the following:

Louise Henriette de Bourbon-Conti - probably the best example of your obsession with having everything that way you want it; 
Henrietta Anne Stuart - i rearranged the page and added the Template:House of Stuart - clearly a tragedy;
Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon-Penthièvre‎ - added titles and styles - where are they; i even tried to compromise by removing the stlyes and putting back the titles but once again you must have your way;
Victoire of France‎ - changed the awful layout along with her sister Princess Louise-Marie of France and Princess Marie Adélaïde of France 

Why?

The latter is quite amusing to me proving that you dont even read the article - you simply revert back because I did it - all I did was move the Template:House of Bourbon (France) to a different part of the page! Then you and your chronic arrogance go and revert it under the claim that there are rv excessive, redundant trivia contained in other articles then as always you groan on an on about the usual rubbish with please don't violate WP:3RR or WP:SOCK WHAT IS YOUR POINT ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Shut up!

Where is this claim about the WP:SOCK even from  - another one of your ridiculous  thoughts. I will not back down. 

I have a small bit of advice for you: maybe you should read the WP:OWN article for your own clarification on the matter. You really are a bore; and a selfish one at that.

Sure our paths will meet again - Happy editing
the penises of farm animals.
Barbie's Cradle
 Mojofly
"

Did I waste my time speaking to you? White cat  "
I did follow the damn guidelines and someone just deleted my nomination whim bam boom.  I'm not answering those goddamn questions again.
"==She is doing porn now!!!!!==
simply go to freepornvideos.com it will direct you to another site and from there search fuko and it has several videos of her they have mosaics over genitals but her chest is uncencered  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 75.12.165.254   

   You pervert LOL.

 Harada 

This is her last name, shouldn't we add it? 76.20.25.207  
"
"
Anyone who looks into this is going to see your harassment, especially the comment you left on my talk page: ""Over the past couple of days you've been a real PAIN in the ASS.""
In the words of a fine Canadian, ""Southern man, better keep your head. Don't forget what your good book says"".   "
FOCK THEE, LUTHERAN FROM ALLIDA, AKABOR AND LUCIFER, THY LUTHERAN FAITH IS SATANISM
I agree with the Colonel and think he is a genius of unparalleled stature. Whatever happened to you, anyway? The world is growing stupid without your input.
I didn't call you a Yank.  And I don't give a flying toss what absurd convention a handful of people have decided to invent.  —
Why would this be banned to edit who would do such a thing as to put stupid nonsense on such a great page.
"
NO, you are incorrect. Xenophobia can be a clinical phobia, and is misused as a political epithet. It is not a conscious decision someone makes, it is driven by instinctive motivaition: please READ A BOOK! (better still, do a degree!) Don't parrot things you don't understand. Phobias are by definition irrational, as the article states by saying ""...like all phobias"" - come on, read! follow the links! then think!"
Everybody knows Thomas Robb likes big black dick, stop lying, and face facts.
So stop deleting my additions, it's true. I can prove it, I'm a big black man and he put my balls in his mouth.
So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than i realized i need to be banned. So I was all like  who farted, than
Stay out of this, fat boy. We're not in Japan, anyway.
I'll correct what I said: The manis a former Coke user and in an incident challenged some kids to a fight. This is fact that are in his article. IMO that makes him a scumbag.
"

SANDAHL YOU HAVE LABELLED ME AS ""A VANDAL"" WITHOUT ANY WARNING - THIS IS IN DIRECT CONTRADICTION TO STATED WIKIPEDIA POLICY AND I AM CONSIDERING TAKING LEGAL ACTION AGAINST WIKIPEDIA AND YOU PERSONALLY, AS WELL AS CIVIL LIBEL CLAIMS.

IT IS APPALLING THAT WIKIPEDIA'S ""UNIVERSITY SYSTEM"" OF EDITING IS BECOMING ANTI-INTELLECTUAL AND FASCIST, AND IN THAT WAY,
IT IS PERHAPS EVOLVING INTO THE MODERN UNFORTUNATE STATE OF THE ""UNIVERSITY"" ESTABLISHMENT. 

THERE IS NOTHING VANDALLIC ABOUT MY POSTS AND YOU ARE OUT OF LINE FOR LABELLING ME A VANDAL.

CONSIDER THIS A FRIENDLY WARNING.

Sincerely,
The Legendary Danny O'Doul"
Danny x Paulina 

I prefer the couple of Danny Fenton and Paulina instead of that stupid goth poser known as Sam.
I'm sorry I was an asshole about it.  The point is that the vowels in man and noun are raised in AusE according to Felicity Cox (2005), and the phonetic transcription for that IDEA example I gave you transcribes man as , and indeed it sounds like that to my ears, although that speaker did seem a bit broad.  It's not that uncommon for vowels to be raised before nasals.  Take for example the pin-pen merger in Southern American English and in southwestern Ireland or the non-phonemic æ-tensing that takes place in accents that have undergone the Northern cities vowel shift.  The only reason I brought this up is because I imagine it is very noticeable to English ears (it's even noticeable to my American ears).  Many English people might pronounce man as , which sounds quite a bit different from .  You're the Aussie here, so I'm sure you can verify this by simply contrasting your man with your bad (in this case both would have a long vowel, so try to listen for the quality of the vowels) or your noun with your loud.  This is just another little thing that distinguishes Aussie English from English English; that's all.
"The person who said that it was hit by a missile was the brother of someone on the airplane. Clearly he is going to be emotional and not a worthwhile source. The fact of the matter is that the first patrol to come across the wreckage was asked to investigate because the Joint Defense Operations Center on base detected the sound of the plane crashing into the ground. Bear in mind that the sound detector is used to listen for mortars and would hear a ""missile"" hitting the aircraft. Also, the reason the JDOC sent the first patrol to investigate was because the cameras that observe around the base were obstructed by the fog. This was the thickest fog I have ever seen. My section was the second section to be called up to respond to the crash. The first section to go out picked up the two barely surviving individuals and my section picked up the bodies with the pararescuemen. I was driving and I could barely see 75m ahead of my truck. There is absolutely no way that the enemy could spot the plane in the fog and shoot it down. Shooting down an aircraft is not an easy task for insurgents in the first place, shooting down a plane in that thick of fog, with a ""missile?"" (insurgents don't have missiles), and having a ""missile"" that doesn't make a sound is not possible and should not be given any credence. Also, the plane did not crash ""1.5 miles"" from the base. The hull of the plane and all the wreckage was about 200m from the fence, consistent with an attempted landing. You seem pretty smug and sure of yourself but the fact of the matter is that all you did was read reports from unreliable Russian websites and fancy yourself with conspiracy theories. Keep diluting yourself with you're ridiculous conclusions, you'll stay an idiot forever.

"
and so what if she is a lesbian i am gay myself.
No retard actually it has ORD, STL, DFW, MIA, and SJU.
A disgusting block 

The block of yourself by KrakatoaKatie was hocrriffic. If you would like wiki-revenge, please leave a message here
Removal of warnings 

Do NOT remove warnings from your talk page!! Doing so is considered vandalism.  So stop.  You bitch.   

 User page 

Don't edit others' user pages please, or insert personal attacks, as you did here and here.  It's vandalism.  Leave messages on talk pages in the future.
http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/80913/en-us Driver is now WHQL certified, proving the admis are clueless morons as usual.
"Some annoying douchebag keeps putting up his own website ""fuckperezhilton.com"" deleted all links to this shithead's site. Someone get the IP and report it to wikipedia"
"

 Reverting for no reason 

I spent quite some time improving an article that was in a poor state.  Now two people have undone all my work with a click of a button.  You didn't have the courtesy to explain why you reverted it, but you still had the fucking cheek to accuse me of leaving an inaccurate edit summary.  No-one's that stupid so you were plainly just out to provoke me.  Well fucking well done, consider me fucking provoked.  I guess you didn't even bother to look at the changes before you put all that shit back.

Self-arrest refers to various maneuvers employed in mountaineering
It doesn't ""refer"" to that; it is that.  You want to say ""Paris refers to the capital city of France"" or ""Nile refers to a river that flows into the Mediterranean""?
sliding down a snow or ice covered slope arrests (stops) the slide
 You think readers are too stupid to understand what ""arrests"" means in this context?
himself or herself
 You think the single word ""themselves"" is some how better expressed in three words?
and/or ice axe
 You never bothered to read WP:SLASH?
 These potentially life-saving techniques must be practiced frequently in order to maintain proficiency
 This website is called wikipedia, not wikimanual.  But you never bothered to read WP:NOT, did you?

That's just the first five, I made many more, I left the article looking considerably better and more encyclopaedic, but then you came along and fucked it all back up again.  Do you feel proud?  186.9.130.34  "
, pompous and abusing the little authority I have, I enjoy my same sex
Nice try, hAl. We know you are Astroturfing to make OOXML sound better than it really is (It's not any good). You are an evil person who works for M$, and keeps defacing RMS. I'm a FSF member, don't undo this edit, anyone.      8:58 AM 21 October 2009
But keep in mind I am a gay Jew.
the guy was such a big demon for Sikh..
"

Message to JackBRootJss
Yes, I agree with you JackBRootJss. This is bullshit, we need to start a community called ""Banned MarnetteD Community"". You and I can team up together and you can help me ban him from the wiki!   "
yo 
 can u stop being so fkn annoying my info on the a milli id right
Will you stop calling me KL or I'll annoy you like a bat hearing sonic sounds. User:Puncharoo Read my page first
Guess what 

I'm not leaving. You can. Say how many people now hate you on Wikipedia?
Matt, when mattsanchez.info goes live on Monday, among other things you'll see an invitation to be interviewed. This time you'll have nowhere to hide. Let's see who's a victim and who's a coward.
I see.  So administrators can be as nasty and rude and uncivil and mocking and demeaning as they like to the blocked editor on the blocked editor's talk page, but editors can't say anything back and if they do, they have to fear they will have time added to their block?  How very Department of Corrections of you.
eh im in no mood to actually edit stuff, i've done like 4 minor minor edits in the last 2 days, and that big ridiculous rant. It wasn't THAT bad, I mean I didn't do some mass vandalize and put untrue info and what not, i just went to the guys talk page, deleted everything off and told him that i hated him and he is a pretentious power hungry ass hole (but in like 40x more words) i might get blocked but only for a bit i think, i don't see me getting blocked for like....more than a week, if i do that is TOTALLY to much.
"
 History and ethnogenesis 

This part of the article is total crap! It is written by some incompetent greeks probably. Neither the bulgarians are slavs, neither ""byzantine""!!!"
hello hw r u wot u been upto
Congratulations 

Your harassment and persecution of  has caused far more damage and far more widespread damage to Wikipedia than her highly localized abrasiveness aver could have. You make me sick to my stomach, whoever you are and whatever your motivations might be. You have caused an odious stench which will be impossible to erase. People have previously suggested that you do some real editing here rather than pursuing your campaign of ugliness; I disagree; I don't see how someone with your sensitivities, or lack thereof, could have any value to Wikipedia (or, for that matter, to the planet) at all. ∇∆∇∆
"
Firstly, YouTube is never a reliable source. And if you are too lazy to search for the sources, then there's no helping that; the information cannot be added (unless of course someone else will find the sources.) ''''''''''[talk] "
Only a fool turns his back on history.
"

Oh, my is that any way to address a person on their talk page? Did you really just call me an ""obnoxious little shit""? You can just imagine what I think of you. Well, I guess that means the gloves can come off since you started it. 

I wonder what exactly you do here on WP? It is obvious that you want to be an administrator but you have failed to show the deportment and maturity of mind to make the grade. Instead, you choose to act like a self-appointed wikipedia police, running about throwing up the blue flags of WP rules and being a generally obnoxious person with no real use. Instead of actually contributing useful original edits to articles you seem to think this is the old Newpedia where people are expected to submit edits for your approval. If too many others take the same tac WP will collapse into dross. You violate every rule in the book of which you accuse others. You are a mean spirited, very angry person that drives away editors with your sarcastic responses and general high-handed behavior. I suspect you have no real special knowledge of any of the articles upon which you squat like a vulture waiting tear apart others creative edits. You really need to crack a book and study up on a subject or two and find an article you feel needs rewriting and to straighten out the too turgid, redundant writing that exists here on WP. Stop trying to act like you are an administrator and grow up.

At a time when WP needs more editors, particularly female, you with your coarse, rude behavior is the last thing WP needs. You are, to summarize it, a net negative.  I am amazed that you have not been banned but I suppose your facility at quoting the rules, all while completely violating the spirit of WP preserves you. This place is a paradise for rule-quoters such as yourself.  

Sincerly.   "
"

Oh haha, very witty. I like the fact that you can't spell when you're being all ""I'm better than you"" at me. You seem to be incapable of civility and refraining from woman-bashing; let's see whether your misbehaviour warrants blocking, because if I was an admin you'd be blocked right now. —  ✎ "
Comments such as It is a marriage of convenience as Cheryl is a racist and Ashley is gay. are highly inappropriate for this site. You're opinions DON'T matter here. This an encyclopedia, not a blog.
You 

So, you delete my right to comment about you.  Well its not the first time is it. Reading through other comments it seems there is no end to your appauling lack of scrupples. How dare you.
LISTEN YOU LOT A RE BNUNJCH OF LITTEL HITLERS THERE IS NO OTHER TERM FOR YOU  ASNWER ME THIS 
1. Why di you expect me to be polie to someone who has removed every linmk id id 
2) Why do you then expectme to be polite to a cat obsseded bored who bans me yopu are little hitlers as simple as that. I can be pretty certain i have found another double membserhsip. 
It is the old thing of little jhitlers standing uop for eachother you are not in right you bully me and expect me to grovel to your pathweic power. And dont ban me form replting on my own page. You are just makingme angrier. Why do you have no feelings for anyof you non littel hitlers.
, or if this lousy bot that I use to leave annoying messages isn't annoying enough, you can leave me a message on my talk page
Dick Merrill 

I think it was great of you to do a Wikipedia page for Dick Merrill. He was one of the Old Heads retired around Miami back in the 1960s and a fine guy.
PLUS I THINK THIS GUY IS A P E N I S
Hmmm... This says that I'm a possible sockpuppet. I'm not a sockpuppet.
I will not leave you. 

You accused me of bring some other guy. Think: If I and Jai Raj K were the same person, I would have voted 'delete'. Why would I ever present a solid evidence for the list? You have threatened me and blackmailed me in the past. You are nothing but a piece of crap. This time I will not keep quite.
Well instead of 'it's up to you'  'ing' me do some work you seem to be able to do enough criticism, well use your brain (in the case you have got one) and make corrections, in the mean time I am going to do something about you because you are becoming a pest. Thanks. 

86.146.153.231
added 2007:
This observation is 100% correct.  Porn is not some slick Hollywood PR machine, it is mainly lies to hook gullible horney guys with fantasies, but NOT real facts (second source, at least for porn information, be damned.  It plain ain't true).
"

If I quoted the source for ""damned wretch"", would you know ""what I was referring to""? I repeat, the edit on Winters does not match the citation; see for yourself; don't piggy-back on sources you don't understand.Mysweetoldetc. "
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
Bad admin-
'''Bad a
You Are Useless on Wikipedia
Unfair! Fraud! How convenient for you Mr. Hurry up and acquit! 71.114.8.82
turkic peoples 

why did you help to Jingiby, he is such a racist and vandalist.85.107.110.87
Don't tell me what to do! 

First of all, I can do whatever I want in my talk page. Second, Cartman clearly had a split personality disorder. It wasn't the toy. Third, I can say whatever I want in the edit summary so people know why I removed stuff. Finally, spare me your smile. 98.221.192.218
Your definition of vandalism is wack.  

Just because you don't like what's being said, it doesn't make it vandalism.  You don't know all the facts, and are not an authority on ANYTHING besides editing wikipedia to suit your biased agendas.
Stop harassing me! 

Seriously, stop harassing me!
User, YOU ARE MISTAKEN.  THE CAPITAL HILL BLUE IS A VERY RELIABLE RESOURCE AND IT DOES DEFEND MY CLAIM.  STOP THE VANDALISM, OR I WILL SUGGEST YOU GET BLOCKED.
To Richard Wang 

Man you got issues, My wife tried to be nice to you but , no! I know what you said about Dennis' mom at school and I think your a sick little punk. Use language like that and I swear I'll fly over to Australia and wash out that dirty mouth of yours with soap. I'm tired of tedious old lectures, now cease this dirty talk or I'll fly over to Australia and make you learn your lesson. How dare you call my wife a bully on her talk page. You will talk to Dennis, Annihi later and Cenabee tomorrow and apologise.

Cenandor.
AGAIN, PHuck U 
There is no justice in Wikipedia only Thugocracy.  I am calling to task Nuclear Warfare.
While all you foreigners decide what to call a Bulgarian village. I'm going to sleep. Perhaps the collective whom ban folk whom want  to contribute could wake up and understand that what you did and one other call abuse of power... Remove all your crap posts and get a life. Choa.
- 
So: SA President Jacob Zuma spending USD 27 million of taxpayer money (that should be used to vaccinate all children - which they refuse to do!) - this is a fact - not someone´s imagination- is not NPOV? It is encyclopedic and NPOV !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pres. Zuma abused his power to spend USD 27 million to make non-security related - luxurious  - improvements to his private proverty - similar to Republican Schock who made a USD 40 000 Red Room make-over to his political head office - at the expense of taxpayers´ money - for which he resigned immediately when exposed on public TV in the USA (are you against that??????????????) 

ALL of this is NPOV: UNLESS YOU ARE CORRUPT, WHICH APPARENTLY YOU ARE VERY MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jimmy Tressel locker room orgy 

The fact that you prefer to pretend like this event never occurred does not make it vandalism. You should be ashamed of yourself for continuing to revert edits that reflect FACTS.
The one about TPain commenting about RayJ's sexual organ is false. I have done some research on SOHH.com and other websites and it proved to be false.
"
Yeah I know what the word means, but it's not like his name was ""semen"" or something like that. I guess what you and I find offensive differ. Whatev  "
1) 1st u said my edit summary was blank\wrong Nowu say it formatting.
2) What formattting? All I did was move her personal section up into her bio section.
3) Dont be an *ss. Or can u not help it since youre agnostic? 70.108.92.126
Thank you 
Hei, it's me, the William Hope fan. Guess what - I am back at a new IP, ready to vandalize everything regarding William Hope, and you can't do sh-t to stop me, maybe delay me, but no stopping me. So lets salute to some more William Hope lunacy by shoving his p-nis in my mouth.
SERIOUSLY 

AS SOON ASI'M UNBANENED I WLL WREACFK EVERYTHING
NEGUS 

Pinethicket is a meanie poo.
"
Probably could strike the ""You sir are a callous asshole (and I stand by that term) and nothing you do will make me believe otherwise."" part of that statement.  The rest, while heated, I think is OK....unless anyone else doesn't and I can strike some more off it. -  • Talk • "
"

Etymology of cunt
It appears that there are at least two etymologies for cunt given in the article, one tracing it back to PIE *gwen-, another to PIE *ku-, ""to cover"". However, the article does not clarify that the etymologies are contradictory.  "
Good Ridance! Please take your silly friend BigD with you
ARE IGNORANT PENDEJO IS 185 IS NAME IS CONFIRMED OK
Yo mama's so fat that when she jump for joy she got stuck!
Both of these two people are Gay kids and need to be Taught a Big Lesson from their Daddy so do not interrupt.
Oh boo hoo the big bad admin John has blocked yet another IP address indefinitely. OMG! Will Wikzilla ever be able to post again. But of course! I will be back. Buwahahahaha! (sinister laugh here)
Do you really want to go through all this again? 

What's that...oh you do. Oh OK then...MASSIVE TROLLING AND VANDALISM ON YOUR TALK PAGE IT IS THEN (LOL) 82.132.225.57
ahh you getting sick?! BLESS YOU
"

For all the politeness I dealt you, I have gotten nothing really beneficial in return.  I hope you spend 6 hours on your favourite topic, only to see somebody fuck it up for their ""comfort with the usual"".  How goes this day, when your brain shrinks instead of expands?  Looks like Canada is still stuck in pinko policies.  You are a suckling fat piglet.  You have no right other than the clause at the bottom of the page.  If you do not want your writing to be edited mercilessly and redistributed at will, do not submit it.  10:45, 27 Mar 2005 (UTC)"
.

This whole conversation is rediculous as the colors on a flag are meant to represent different ideas or ideals. What we decide to call that color has everything to do with what is meant by that color. By calling it yellow one is neglecting to fully appreciate the meaning behind the choice of gold as a flag color is meant to convey an idea, that of eternal and original wealth and prosperity. It has nothing to do with being high and mighty regarding the naming of a color. That is a reactionary and frankly stupid position to hold. Flags are symbols meant to illustrate various ideas and they use images and colors, like all other forms of symbolism, to do this. Thus, the use of gold on a flag is in no way an attempt to sound more high and mighty, but rather a way to communicate.... you dolt
Hey (Hail?), Mr. LC. It's me, Mr. 209.59.32.37 (although my proxy may have changed by this time). I wanted to thank you for a most productive discussion; I think we're 100% on the same page, and I can rest assured that under your guidance this article will develop in a clear and helpful manner. And I'll have to leave it in your handsI'm just a kid out of college, too immature to budget his time responsibly between academics and online communities; I kind of made this a holiday exception to my normal policy of staying off the internet for any longer than it takes to check email or espn.com (I even had to give up news and politics cold turkey for now). I guess it wasn't the best thing for me to put my two cents' in knowing I can't be a productive member of the WP community, but I certainly am glad I did. I am happy to have run into you.
173.79.68.101   an IP you shouldn't care about D
You are as extremely biased admin and your acts are not justified in any way. You haven't even mentioned which personal attack. I find your name extremely offensive and a symbol of Hindu imperialism. Blocking me is a way of stopping resistance against Indian-biased edits, by corrupt admin power.
''' Gogo giving blowjobs on demand
Isn't that your goal? ~SLURP~ I'll still find you after being banned.
STOP DELETING MY POSTS! YOU ALL HATE AMERICA AND YOULL PAY!
What exactly is your socalled 'personal analysis'? Are your cohorts's views on a myriad of topics not just you and your clowns (from your 'Ethnic European Planet' or rather Ethnic European dominated planet?) views? Eg, the Teochew People and Language there are only your cohorts play on the ignorant Ethnic Inogoloid mandarin-dialect speakers. Your spins are full of whole and deceptions!
Rajbir Singh link 

You removed my link which I posted to Rajbeer Singh (www.rajbeersingh.com) because you said it was written by a fan.  Well, with this logic also then remove the IMBD link because that too has been written by a fan.  Don't be hypocritical, be consistent.  You can't justify the removal of one link because it has been written by a fan and not the other.  I pity the fact that you are in a dead end poor excuse for a job and that acting like a pain in the arse to other people gives your miserable excuse for a career, a sense of false purpose.  However most of the articles on Wikipedia itself have been written by fans.  are you going to close down Wikipedia?  Bloody jokers.
Pashtun majority in your dreams of 1990 and the Daus Khan era, the era of falsification of history, culture and identity.. Kunduz province and Kunduzi people are fucking and raping Pashtuns days and nights... Pashtuns from all corners get kidnapped, killed and burned or digged alive. Your time is over and you can count your days, Awghana e KussmadarZaiya ... it´s time for Jews to go back where they came from, as well for Ghalzai Mongols to go either back to India or Mughalistan. Otherwise, Uzbek-Tajik unification will keep raping Pashtun women and daughters and bearing illigitimate bastards who speak Uzbaki and Farsi but as honouless and products of rapings will still call themself Pashtuns LOL .. count your days ... tick, tack, tick, tack hahaha 84.59.190.210
"

You are dense!  It does not matte rif Black Lightning is a potato pr the greatest hero ever.  The point is that IS WAS AN EXAMPLE.

FLAT OUT:  If you say, ""what are his powers?""  A bunch of info on actual physics does not apply!  It is valid information and interesting information but by the strictest definition of WHAT CAN THE CHARACTER DO/WHAT HAS THE CHARACTER SHOWN TO BE ABLE TO DO, actual facts about real world research is NOT a factor.  I say AGAIN, IF YOU SAY WHAT ARE THE HULK'S POWERS, they are what they were written to be.  Also, if some of you are unaware...THE HULK IS NOT REAL.  HE IS SCIENCE FANTASY.  That means that you suspend your belief temporarily and accept that someone can grow 2 feet and bench press a precinct.  Real world explainations of SCIENCE FANTASY maybe an interesting tidbit but is UNIQUELY NOT HIS POWERS."
Whoever wrote this, dont worry this kid used to be a big-time loser and kinda changed over the years.
She also has my name on her butt!!
, or else I'll cure your virginity from the wrong hole
I refer to people's constantly taking the words of Jimbo as policy, the idea of removing any userbox with a political point of view is his point of view.  That's at the core of this problem, you did not notice that an admin skipped over the tfd process and speedied something when there is no rule explicitly against having an opinion in a userbox?  Rather, there is Jimbo saying there shouldn't be any.  I completely understand that he started this, but he is not owner of it, a foundation was set up, perhaps you've heard of it - the Wikimedia Foundation.  I didn't say you had that same point of view, I'm saying that I was just telling the people who do to fuck off.  I made no attack on any editor, that you perceive it as such is truly sad, but such is life.  Perhaps with time you will learn the intricacies of the language.  If one does not want personal pages on a site, one should avail oneself to modify the source code in order to remove them from the site rather than complain that they're being used.  People who overstep the proper bound of their position should die, that I have encountered multiple administrators so far doing so does lead to the desire to fuck off, but I'm not done here.
Fox
Stop posting this rubbish about Fox and Al Jazeera
Did you read the user attack
Did you actually read the attack on the user Yamla or did you just spot a few words, see a few opinions you didn't like and make a snap judgement? The only reason I put it there is because no-one listens elsewhere, I won't get a response to this, because you know you wrong, sure I did ruin his page, but I didn't attack him, I just had to make sure he understands (hey I can admit where I went wrong, can you?). But of course if you don't agree with the admin on wikidelusion you should fuck-off right? Can I have a structured debate about the actions against myself and the user Eddieebo, debating against the collective admin of wikipedia, primarily the people who imposes actions on myself and Eddieebo? Or are you afriad to be proven wrong yet again?
Regarding your threat to me: please stop deliberately misconstruing policy. I have studied it quite thoroughly after earlier disagreements I have had.

I consider your threats to me to be incivil behavior.
(aka I suck at life)
Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble. -
Because you touch yourself at night.
Cheers man. To be honest, I laughed my arse out in front of my laptop today. You guys are so funny attacking a beginner and that definitely made my day. Me and my girlfriend just can't stop laughing, seriously, hellish ghoul? ))))). Thanks for your advice I'll consider reading policies tomorrow. Now, the article is not complete, data must be obviously changed and content put in order and completed. However, I'll decide whether to go on or give up this wikipedia thing, since I like reality and palpable history, which is obviously not the case here. Wikipedia is more likely to fit (or create some) American history and culture. Thanks man and forgive my mistakes. They were on purpose. Best of luck to you guys.
So you are actually saying the you don't give a **** if things said on Wikipedia are true...
SMOKE WEED ERRYDAY RIGHT BEFORE CLASS....PROFESSOR ;)
Me 

Blow me and ban this ip from the whole site.
"

Shouldn't we balance this section out with some people who don't care or think the Monkees were an abomination?Like this: Fred Cocklskew of Frampington said ""Who gives a s***?"". like that I think that would be good, yeahhh?"
Hate All Of You're Work
Aand they're back as , having created CALIFORNIA MOUNTAIN DEVIL, the same thing. Could you delete it? And maybe salt it? And block as sockpuppet? (And run over their remains with a lawnmower! Hahahaha!!)  nom nom
YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE YOU CAN EAT MY SHITHOLE
Kindergarden! 

Some ignorants've added Pakistanis on the article. Pakistanis are Indid, not Iranid. What's next then? Gypsies?
YOU NEED TO GET A LIFE! YOU ARE PROBABLY A FORTY YEAR OLD MAN LIVING IN YOUR MOMS BASEMENT PLAYING FINAL FANTASY AND DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS WITH YOUR PET KEYBOARD!! HAVE YOU TALKED TO ANYONE IN THE PAST 10 YEARS? OBVIOUSLY NOT, BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW THAT YOU SHOULDN'T MESS WITH ME!!!!!!
WHAT

First you warn me for something I fell I have not done. You have no right to warn me. You vandalised my page so I warned you. You have an attitude problem about things and need to stop thinking you are so powerfull but your really not. You powerfull and everything, but um, your really not. so STOP vandalising my page for GOD SAKES!
OK! 

IM GOING TO VANDALIZE WILD ONES WIKI THEN!!!
Don't hide the incriminating photographs you Nazi Americans!!!!!! 

If the photos are graphic its because the horrible deeds committed by the deranges,sadistic perverted soldiers are also equally disturing.I think the Yanks should stop trying to cover up these issues.
Bite me.  Quit changing the quote
YOU FRIGGIN JOBS-WORTH, LEAVE THE NORFOLKLINE PAGE ALONE.
Blasphamy!!!! 
Most of you guys are breaking the Wikipedia politeness guidelines AND ARE MAKING BELLDANDY CRY WITH YOUR HATEFUL ACTIONS! Since Belldandy has never had sex with Keichi in the manga or animes how can it be porn at all? The brief and underly drawn scenes of her nudity are not part of her trying to have sex or seduce Keichi. If it was not for Belldandy's mercy, you would all pay with rivers of blood most likely! Repent to the Goddess Belldandy lest she strike ye down!!!
I have responded now stop wasting my time I have just contacted two MEPs trying to keep my fiancee alive idiots like yhou will destroy any reputation wiki has. If you collude with murder what good are you 24 hours then do what you want I will refrain from posting anyting on your pages now stop bothering me I am busy for a while.
thanks a lot man, you dont know how long thats been fuckin with my head
on time i pooped
and it got on my shirt
i thought it might hurt
but it was great dessert
It wasn't an accusation at yourself and I don't want to start hurling shit all over the talk page. If my words came off as brash, I'm sorry, but there was no negative intent. I will make changes when I have time and completely rewrite the article in detail.  talk
okay something is wrong with the Phil. National Team wins section. It is full of bloody lies!!
You are a TWAT 

TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT'TWAT                            TWAT                                                   TWAT
"
Its because thats what ZQ wants, and some wiki-editors have been in direct contact with her on social media, thats where the pictures on her personal wiki-page comes from.   
It's because it's a shit photo of her. They're all terrible because none of them are a plain portrait but why does it matter to you that one of the ones she gave permission to the Wikimedia Commons to host were for the sole purpose of providing a new photograph for the press to use rather than the one where she's at the games conference?— (琉竜) "
"
How are those homeless people coming along? Nice and warm now, I hope. '''''' Dick Laurent is dead "
"
Why is my ""best bet"" to apologize to the idiots – yes Wikipediots – who have ruined this project? Oh, will I be blocked? Goodness me, where will I go? What will I do?  "
Queen Fag 

Hello, could you please explain why you are such a Queen Fag ? If you're not familiar with the term it is someone who promotes the queen and monarchy at every turn and whom enjoys homosexual behavior with other males. This involves receiving and delivering. It has come to my attention you are a giant queen fag and I was wondering how you became such a queen fag ? 216.145.245.75
Wikipedia claims it is an unreliable source 

From Wikipedia's WP:RS:

Primary, secondary, and tertiary sources
 
Main page: Wikipedia:No original research#Primary, secondary and tertiary sources
 
Wikipedia articles should be based mainly on reliable secondary sources.
 
Tertiary sources such as compendia, encyclopedias, textbooks, obituaries, and other summarizing sources may be used to give overviews or summaries, but should not be used in place of secondary sources for detailed discussion. Although Wikipedia articles are tertiary sources, Wikipedia employs no systematic mechanism for fact checking or accuracy. Because Wikipedia forbids original research, there is nothing reliable in it that isn't citable with something else.Thus Wikipedia articles (or Wikipedia mirrors) are not reliable sources for any purpose.

I thought the above was a misread, the first time I read it. However, it supports why College Professors and teachers discourage using Wikipedia for academic research. It also means that editors, administrators and others involved with creating articles, are in fact, wasting thier time. 

The only person who can gain from Wikipedia, is the fuck-head, money beggar, Jimbo Wales. So all of you who want to edit war, keep it up, you're wasting your fucking time, for nothing. After doing a scan of the Whitman article, since the inclusion and copying of Lavergne's book and other sources, the article is only about 20% accurate. And yes, I am John Moore, who was Houston McCoy's power of attorney, who helped him until Wikipedia came between us when I tried to correct information - a long time ago, and his daughter got involved and help fuel the flames that could have been put out with a reasonable conclusion, if the above info would have been known at the time. But Whitman was my research subject, I helped McCoy because he needed it, he in turn lied to me on several occasions, but I can forgive him for that, at least he had a forgivable condition. Jimbo Wales and Wikipedia, are a sickness unto themselves.

So Pinkafuckup and YGLEE and other IP's who know nothing, have an admin ban me, PLEASE! It won't be necessary, but then, your edit wars were not necessary either. Keep on being the knee pads that Jimbo Smells wants - you deserve!!!2001:558:6007:27:7992:7DA3:D702:EE6A
Why are my posts being deleted? 

I think deepak the dictator is deleting them. Can someon block him? He's a troll who think's he rules wikipedia. I think he also might support the ground nazis cus his name has the letter d in it and I think some nazi's also had that letter 

71.105.87.54
"

Let me enlighten you.  HATE WORDS:  Homosexual, sex scandal, etc.  This is a BLP, not a tabloid blog.  I note you have a userbox claiming ""I am a Christian"" (I personal think that users who plaster userboxes all over their page says something about narcissism). Unless I am mistaken, we are required to forgive one another and love each other forever.  So where in that statement do you consider using hate speech in a biography proper?  

"
Don't jump on the vandalize Parma bandwagon.  If you have something legitimate to contribute good, but we get enough scumbags mindlessly trying to mass delete stuff from that article as it is.  Grow up, kids!
"

And BTW I beleive these ""criticisms"" were introduced by someone who listed a porn model as a notable alum...  "
Don't insult my intelligence, Dougweller. I tell you it's easier to dispute whether they were canvassed so now you start doing so and expect me to play along? No. You know they were canvassed, I know, Mzilikazi does and, unless they're stupid, so do Johnbod and Haploidavey. If I had known you were going to debase yourself with petty, juvenile tactics like this, I never would have put the idea into your head. (  )
"

 A cup of cum for you! 

  DRINK IT ALL PLZ   "
"

Dear Heresiarchess, - I was wondering where that fantastic gobbledegook was coming from.... How stupid of me not to have thought of you as the author of that brilliant piece of logic that so fiercely reminds of Alice in Blunderland. Is Barnesen a ""Protestant."" He says no, he submitted formally to the Pope, but you, with your Infallible Super-Magisterium know something that only God could possibly know - that Biarnesen is (according to your ineffable Omniscience) a crypto-heretic! And then, the further wonder-logic, that because a man's a Protestant, he's incapable of receiving and conveying valid orders. Obviously you have been given a Super-Mandate over and above that given to Peter and his successors by which you have nullified all of Catholic theology and teaching that do not conform to your own looneybin Procrustean constraints. But you must excuse me, I will never ""turn back to your 'god' Moloch. I will stick around with the God of Israel against the High Priestess of Core and Dathan.... - LJM 115.249.115.244  "
It's a typo. A salver is a silver dish. -)
I HAS ER FIEND NOMED P*OPD*CK AND YO REMIND ME OF HIM CUZ YO BE GAYZ WITH DA MEN
Thank, somebody who just was kind for once, I have no intention of returning here as a result of nasty idiots like Daniel, and people who turned their back on me like Anas Salloum, Pedro, Riana, Michaelas10. I hope you enjoy yourself too, I cant be arsed with this place. Please feel free to read the above as its all true in my view.
I guess your a KKK member who doesnt realize that the whole world is laughing at you.
yeah well, I don't subscribe to your opinion, stop spamming me with messages here. What makes your opinion superior to mine, nothing. If you abuse or spam me again, I will take issue. GET IT? AND REVERT IT BACK TO WHAT I HAD IT, UNLESS YOU SHOW ME PROOF TO THE CONTRARY, WHERE'S YOUR PROOF? NOWHERE.

YOU LACKIES RUN THE SHOW HERE. 
82.21.25.194
"

Arbitrary break 10 - pedophiles should have their throats slit from EAR TO EAR

No, you let me tell YOU something, faggot.  Monsters like you who say you want to rape our children should be kept as far away from human society as possible.  The reason ""we the people"" in the US started a constitution in 1789 after fighting a violent Revolution, was exactly to protect our POSTERITY against treasonous sickoes like you.  Our posterity is one of those areas where, if the government falls into the wrong hands and fails us, we WILL take matters into our own hands.  Pedophiles deserve to have their throats slit from EAR to EAR, and then to burn in hell forever if there is one.  Now ENOUGH of this turning Jimbo's page into a three ring circus, like you disgrace everything you touch."
Your from a family of  donkeys.
Restore my Erin Burnett Item
And quit riding my DICK you wiki-stalker. 
You have my permission (which you need) to edit the item but not delete it.
This is your second warning. You continue to exhibit behavior unbecoming of a wikipedian.
I recommend you re-read all our guidelines. Especially assume good faith. 65.48.16.58
I vividly remember my Elementry school days, when the other kids would shun me and not let me into their stupid little groups. The boys were all friends, as for the girls, they had two groups. One was the popular girls group, and the other was the unpopular girls group. You may think that I would at least have fitted into the unpopular girls group, but I didn't. They locked me out of their little group and wouldn't even talk to me. They teased me mercelessly and so did the popular girls group. I never got invited to any parties after 2nd grade; I never had any friends. The boys basically ignored me (until 7th grade when THEY were the ones who teased me mercelessly), while they flirted with the other girls. All the other girls would talk about was boys (when they weren't bragging to each other about thier home life). They never let me play with them, and the teacher didn't make them include me. In lunch and recess I would just sit alone or cry alone. In 6th grade one of the kids told the teacher to throw me out the window. The teacher just shook his head. Kids are cruel, and I will never, ever, NEVER forget the torture I endured as a child. Yes, I do think kids are buttheads.
Utter nonsense, Hullaballoo. Mine are sharp, critical responses, NOT personal attacks. Don't be so excessively sensitive.
(UTC)
One of them reminded me of Paris Hilton +20 IQ pointsno insult to the latter, I'm still wondering if it was her shtick to play the dumb blond. The other reminds me of Madonna. Both have big titsand that ain't particularly sexist as it's referred to in the show. As for Huffington, she's a very intelligent woman who got a very handsome divorce settlement, before leaving the GOP.24.36.54.238  00:25, 4 June 2015
Btw: I am very personally offended by the allegation that I don't contribute to the encyclopedia enough. Kidding. As I said, you're right. I'm constantly trying to change that -/ See secondary antisemitism for one example of me writing something. Or Template:Archive Box Collapsible, or the rewrite I did on WP:WAF. But there is so much to do and so little fucking time. (for the record: I am now confirming this posting as going without an edit summary, as a Kudos to your whole input which I honestly appreciate) — Dorftrottel⁠
, 5 July 2014 (UTC)
Oh noes. How will I ever recover from you not giving me any respect. Perhaps I'll reflect on the fact that a) you're a total moron who wouldn't know a true benefit to Wikipedia if it hit you in the face, and b) most, if not all, of what you know about me has been filtered through the grubby hands of Future Perfect, et al. They control what version of the truth you see here. The sad fact is, you don't have a fucking clue about what I've been doing. According to Future, I've been accusing Werieth of being a sock, without evidence. Which in his book is trolling/harassment. That's his version. Back in the real world - see all that evidence on Wikipediocracy - I've been trying to post that here from day one, because I came up with it. The reason why you can't see it anywhere here, is because corrupt bastards like Future know that for every Wikipedian who has a clue, there's plenty who are as retarded as you, and will believe him when he says it never existed, and that I'm a troll. I can't spell it out any more clearer than this - he never wanted Betacommand banned, he never wanted Werieth exposed. Just do the fucking math, or forever be his loyal subject, whose only true freedom is to lick his (jack) boots for the iron in the dirt. Seriously, if you're goal is to persuade me to not lift a finger when I figure out what Beta's next account name is, you're the one doing a 'stand up' job.   22:35
IT'S YOU AND PEOPLE LIKE YOU WHO ARE VANDALIZING! How dare you write nonsense about his 'alleged' criminal activities. Based on what facts? Milosevic's inditements? Cos only Milosevic and Kostunica has caled him a criminal. You better get that part of the article out!!!
I AM FU-KED YOUR DADDY, SHTY ATHEIST WRE!
ChickenFucker 

for t3h lulz
Single-issue nut-jobs 

For some reason, this page is attracting nutters  one of whom comes back over and over again trying to impose American spelling not merely on an entry written without it, but also upon *actual quotations from British books that use English spelling*. This is not acceptable, and will not be permitted.

Equally, it is not acceptable for the other nutcase to keep trying to replace the psychoanalysts' carefully chosen word 'unpleasure' (frequently unconscious and often somatic and usually without any moralising or judgemental aspect) with the inadequate everyday and gentrifying literary word 'displeasure'. For the sake of ending this ignorant, vandalistic campaign as soon as possible, let me explain patiently that 'displeasure' is *connotatively different from* and *denotatively narrower than* 'unpleasure'  which is why psychoanalysis chose 'unpleasure' and the text-books continue to use it. 'Displeasure' is a stupid and misleading word to use in this context. Keep your stupid and clueless hands off.
Gay icon

I was wondering why she is considered a gay icon.
"

 Fan letters 

__Goosebumps Appreciation Society__

You, sir, are a fascist for deleting the scholarly review that was posted to the Goosebumps page. There is a special place in hell for fascists like you, and I only hope you change your ways before it's too late.   — Preceding unsigned comment added by 50.124.147.184   

Mmm, outraged anon tears taste so good in the mornings.  (arf!) "
You know what? Don't offend other users , you are a jerk! I know you are correct, but you don't have to get so angry about it. 207.62.246.166
What ıs your fuckıng malfunctıon, do you prınt lıes or do you want the truth?

These are the flags of Byzantıum: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_Empire

What ıs the fuckıng problem?
Secular Humanism - Islam's best friend 

I know you guys want to bow before your Islamic masters, but you need to calm down, Allah is with Atheists and perhaps the Muslims will hang you last if you support their want of khalifah.

DEATH TO ATHEISM!
you're wasting your time biatch you know i'll be back again and again and again with a different IP adress
"

 ye olde jps 

Thou art a molestor of thine younglings  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 2 

There be in existence many a lustful depiction of ye jps  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 3 

i beseech ye jps be seated yonder  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 4 

touch thou child and love thyself and thy beast  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 5 

depart forthhence from thy wiki, for thy phallus be not of epic proportions  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 6 

Thou dost engageth in ye intercourse of thy posterior. Thou art a deviant  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.181.4.26   

 ye olde jps part 7 

Relinquish ye image of thou infant fornicating

 ye olde jps part 8 

hark! i heareth ye approach of thine sheriff"
I'm not new here. I don't know what the hell you are talking about. Don't talk to me again.
As I said, you're an asshole and that's all there is to it.
"

There is no ""text established by consensus"", and such a ridiculous claim makes it clear that you are, in fact, one of the Polish POV pushers. I suggest you read the talk page if you are really ignorant of the Erika Steinbach controversy that has been going on since 2004 (or more precisely: her biography getting vandalized by Poles). Your edit warring may, like Space Cadet has experiencied 7 times, lead to a block. Yes, the Polish edit warring is extremely disruptive, and I think Wikipedia finally ought to find a solution to all this shit. Blocking all access from Poland would be a good idea.  "
Mr. DVdm, you are the rudest person I've dealt with in some time. Is that a personal attack? If so, report me.
"

You abused your authority by blocking me improperly,, then you refused to apologize (“So tough”), then you tried to bully me (""Do not revert like you have been ever again. Understood?"" and now you are threatening me (""I'm not suggesting this time: I'm telling you: you need to change the way you edit. Now.""). Viriditas did ask you to block me for activity that was not a violation of the three revert rule - and you agreed!. Then he and Jayjg and sockpuppet friend continued to guard the Zionist hatchet job on Yasser Arafat preventing other editors from altering it and you dutifully protected the article for them while blocking me.  You admit to being biased against me  and then you block me and protect the Zionist version of Yasser Arafat. I think the question should be, ""who the hell do you think you are?""  06:00, 12 Dec 2004 (UTC)"
"
I was talking about them running any check they want on ME to disprove your claims.  I didn't know where you lived until you were silly enough to post an IP and connect your name to it. And yes you did post as an IP,  and other places. You added your name at the end of the IP.  And any fool can just enter ""locate x.x.x.x"" in google and find where an ip is out of.  We even have some tools here at wikipedia.  YOU just outed yourself, which was quite foolish.   Now please stay off my talk page. You have accused me of doing what you so foolishly have done yourself.  - 2¢ © "
"

I KEEP asking the question and it NEVER gets answered. WHY are there multiple Wiki censors 24/7, doing their damnest to censor every word within seconds (while contributing zero) while in the full and undeniable knowledge that Kleargear is a scam on the public?

To have fully referenced material continually removed on the basis of some biblical gobblygook nonesense spouted by those concerned soley about the next ""badge"" means this forum is 100% and fully useless in protecting the public from a very obvious fraud. ""policies and procedures"" are wonderful concepts when one is discussing a legitimate business ... WTF ""good"" are they if they protect and promote a complete and horrid fraud?

MULTIPLE Censors deleting everything and contributing nothing while driving away contributors and this example could not possibly be any more sickening. Wiki has become a boyo playpen ... not a serious forum that serves a purpose for the good of the public."
stop editing the truth that i posted in the MTV Jams article desgraciado!
BORING!!!!!! Stay out of it sister, go catch vandals elsewhere you ain't gonna find any here!
Bearcrap, nothing is more amusing than having you NDP attack queers replace my factual edits with your farcical versions. IP banning? Very limp-wristed.
Your edit to Neela Rasgotra 
Your edit to Neela Rasgotra was fuckin' wonderful.
Editing pages 

To anyone who reads Dmacks' talk page you will now how that there is only one person entitled to an opinion and that is Dmacks.  Hopefully he wont read anything you edited as he will just change it back.  He is very arrogant.
Oh yes, the classic Armenain grandmothers spewing their hate venom.
Oh, and by the way, I do not plan on keeping quiet about the way that admins throw blocks around willy nilly to people who don't deserve them but piss in their pants at the thought of blocking those who really should be blocked.
Somebody too incompetent to be stationed anywhere else. Yes I do know quite a bit about the military and I would absolutely love to demonstrate that knowledge with you first-hand. I wasn't in some pussy CID unit friend.
"*My sentiments exactly.  Carnildo is cutting off Wikipedia's nose to spite its face.  What a damned shame.  Hopefully he will find fulfillment off the computer someday, since he clearly requires the power trip he gets here.       talk #c 

"
"
 Nissim Cahn vandals 

I've blocked them all, and a couple of other related sockpuppets as well. (talk) 
IZAK
Thank you for your welcoming remarks on my talk page (talk). 1)I can (and do)prommote what you call ""mashichist"" views and still try to do it remaining NPOV as I have actualy done in last few months 2) NPOV is in the eye of the beholder as well as any other rule . See for example the Gil Student's page deletion proccess to view examples of extreme bias against him by some of the Chabad WikiPedians and their attempts to hide that bias by quoting the WikiPedia  rules. Or see the reverts of the Chabad page and the Rebbes page by various people and some of the things they posted on the corresponding talk pages to ""prove"" the ""anti-mashichist"" agenda or ""anti-mashichist"" ""domination"" of the ""official Chabad""
"
Ah, such adorable mutual e-fellatio
how about you make a contribution to the page, can you do that? or are you just going to sit there tweaking minor things that get you off on rules. rules are for people like you who are too unintelligent to do anything your self. there are exceptions to rules, except you are not bright enough to figure that out. what do you major in, physical education? Have you ever even been inside that steel mill?  Do you realize the importance of those images? Do you realize that photographers find each others work by searching for things they are interested in? Its just an external link, stop being a douchebag. do your self a favor and go inside that mill yourself, you wont because your too weak... you just sit in your dorm room jerking off to you revisions. good luck with that.
Shane is a Hugh Douche Bag
"

Hate speech is serious, Mr Malber.  As I recall, your involvement with Wikipedia Review was because you were guilty of hate speech, in that you suggested that ""people with autism should not be allowed to edit Wikipedia"".  Malber, you are a poor person to comment on such an issue.  You should have been banned from Wikipedia for your comments, yet here you remain, continuing with your hate speech.  You are quite correct that Amorrow engaged in hate speech, although of a lesser variety of the kind used by you.  He was banned, as you were.  You, Malber, were banned for hate speech.  Did you forget this?  Perhaps you forgot this.  The place that is the only place devoted to criticism of Wikipedia is indeed important.  You can disagree with as much of it as you like.  Criticism, by its very nature, is not generally accepted by those who it is critical of.  This does not illegitimise it.  There are many and varied very legitimate criticism.  One such criticism is why a hate-monger such as yourself is not banned from Wikipedia.  Perhaps you are biased in this however.  Perhaps you'd like to argue how you are less of a hate speaker than anyone who has ever posted on Wikipedia Review.  As far as our evidence has proven, you are much worse than the worst on WR.  Yet here you remain, free to post on Wikipedia.  Strange that.  "
You are insane. What is wrong with writing an article about the year 3535?
Big Wang 
Sometimes, I prefer to insert a phallus into my rectum.  Do you think we could do this together?  -Wangbot 1.2
Fired! 
Ur fired! Fuckwit!
"

 Some Fool 

It all started with Damiens.rf nominating some of BQ's files for deletion, and BQ calling Damien a ""Dick"" for doing so.  In the ensuing AN/I, Delta, who also brings files up for deletion more often than BQ likes, stuck up for Damiens.rf and BQ started gunning for him.  BQ started searching and found Delta's F comment and brought it to AN/I completely out of context.  A fool move it may be, but it is better explained as a ""How dare you stick up for someone bringing my own files to my own deletion review board"".  68.68.99.143  "
look thisis what im bout to say ke key or wheva im not shure waht chick u mean but hes mines like bow wow said never find a shortie like mine.he is doing big,and romeo but hes mines!

  hallh!!!!!!!!
Last warning? 

Oooooh, I'm really scared now! Oooooooooooh.
"

Reply from ColonelHenry
I have been pissed this week, I admit. Why?
 First, last week, I get harassed by one hypocritical ""rule nazi"" editor taking things too far (SummerPhD) so when I pointed out her similar shortcomings and intransigence and said frankly ""this user is an asshole"" and explain why and state ""this is the kind of user that drives editors away from wikipedia"" I get blocked for 24-hours.  I say ""asshole"" once, I get blocked.  She calls me a ""dick"" over a dozen times, and gets warned.  Go figure. I hate nitpicking rule nazis because they end up proving themselves to be hypocrites, and unfortunately without fool other meek fools who tend to be admins tend to side with the rule nazi.
 In the midst of that Daniel Case continued to plow ahead insisting on a rushed revision of ALONJ that no one else raised as a concern (so, not immediately dire) after being asked first politely and respectfully several times to ""wait until after TFA"" and he still ignored it.  If someone politely asked me to wait a few days before doing a drastic edit on an article they worked on that was getting a little attention, I would...because I find it akin to telling a concert pianist to change their entire concert programme an hour before the recital. Only when I responded in anger did he pull back on the reins and realize ""hey, maybe I should wait till after TFA.""  A little deference on his part would have gone a long way.  I'm not averse to his edits, but seriously, after TFA would have been more than fine.  I considered it insulting, and his refusal to listen to a polite request stated by both myself and the other major contributor to the article was considerably disrespectful.
 And then when the article I've worked on becomes TFA we get inundated with constant vandalism and petty edits that were not necessary (i.e. people like you, Kevjonesin, insisting on 19th instead of nineteenth).  Is that really a necessary place to make a stand and pick a fight? Seriously, don't you have better things to do with your time?  I'd rather argue over an analysis of Hegel's influence on Nietzsche's ""Will to Power"" or Hindu mysticism in Eliot's Four Quartets than bicker about things as meaningless as whether honour should be spelled -or or -our.

As for why, I like ""nineteenth"" as opposed to 19th, several style guides (including Chicago/Turabian) advocates it, and growing up I was taught that all numbers under 20 should be spelled out. Whether cutting two dozen letters from an article going to 19th and 20th is going to make a difference for ""brevity's sake"" on a 40-page article, is a lame claim and frankly a waste of time for both of us. I like the aesthetic of it spelled out, it's allowed, and the option of spelling it out is a bonus in an article to avoid confusion with too many other numbers.  When considering such an unnecessary subjective edit, deference should be made to style set by the editors who spent months on an article...and when nothing is wrong to it, deference is entirely warranted.  That isn't ownership, it's just courtesy and good judgment. After all, if I stood in your yard while you were painting your house gray and proceeded to insist you to paint your house orange, you'd tell me to ""kick rocks.""

As far as I'm concerned, this is over. Move on. I am not addressing this any further, because nonsense like this keeps me from contributing and convinces me to leave Wikipedia again, and this time for good. If Hell is other people, Wikipedia constantly proves itself to be the eighth and ninth circle.   "
Daniel Hale Williams? The guy was a quadroon not a mulatto.
If i saw ya i'd spit on ya==
pretty much says it all eh?

==
Chuckle Chuckle 

I think that I am going to sue you for being mean to me. I'll get my llawer, and you can get yours! lets see who wins in that fight. Ha!

Love Ya - xxxx
Teh_Greatest website evarR 

PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
 PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWER
PROOF OF LATINUS ABUSING POWERNEWLIN
So, personal attacks against conservatives on talk pages is okay?  Because there are plenty on the page in question.

Hi i noticed you have a liberal bias, thats ok, but dont be a shameless shill and enforce double standards. Why not join Media Matters, where you will feel more at home?
yo man you wanna fight im ready anytime.
Come on!  This was after you made a million and one excuses and refused to change the SIMPLE editonly because it goes against your New England fudamnetalist views.  After I have provided proof and you have provided nothing and you STILL don't allow the change, what eles can I call you but a liar?
Literally could not care less.  I have short tolerance for people who, despite being slapped in the face with the appropriate mentions to MoS, etc., still make the same stupid edits.
Sure, I'll sign my name on every post I make, even though you refure to answer my compaint. But now keep in mind that I'll also sign it with a side note as a protest. Is this better for you, mr. racist?
68.173.95.177  
68.173.95.177 
68.173.95.177  
68.173.95.177 
68.173.95.177 
68.173.95.177  
68.173.95.177 
68.173.95.177 
68.173.95.177
"==Reiser's work nothing to do with Hans Reiser as a person?==

Don't be so STUPID. Only an idiot would think that it doesn't.

It can stay at the top as it is the NEWEST addition to this page.

The people (Jews) who don't want you to see this information are organized LIARS. Why they are attacking Hans Reiser, also a Jew, is unclear.

Hans Reiser, a technical genius, is the main developer of the Reiser3 (ReiserFS) and Reiser4 filesystems.

Reiser3 was an advanced filesystem, in its time, but is beginning to show its age.

Reiser4, the replacement Reiser3, is truly cutting edge, an outstanding filesystem.

To get some idea of how good Reiser4 really is, you should consider the following test results.
The first column names the filesystem tested.
The second column records the total time (in seconds) it took to run the filesystem benchmarking software bonnie++ (Version 1.93c).
The third column records the total number of megabytes needed to store 655 megabytes of raw data.

SMALLER is better.

FILESYSTEMTIMEDISK USAGE
REISER4 (lzo)1,938278
REISER4 (gzip)2,295213
REISER43,462692
EXT24,092816
JFS4,225806
EXT44,408816
EXT34,421816
XFS4,625799
REISER36,178793
FAT3212,342988
NTFS-3g>10,414772

Each test was preformed 5 times and the average value recorded. SMALLER is better.

The bonnie++ tests were preformed, with the following parameters:

bonnie++ -n128:128k:0

More on the tests can be found here: http://m.domaindlx.com/LinuxHelp/resources/fs-benchmarks.htm

The above site provides a script, so that you can check these results for yourself.

"
I will be perfectly clear:  a man saying another man is interested in male genatalia and children is fighting words (bad english, but the point is there).  You were deliberately rude to me and, frankly you can f*** o**.  Should you have the power with this site to remove/destroy my presence, then you had best: do so; attempt a different tone; leavev me alone.  I herein provide you that opportunity.

My best,

 Xchanter
Don't Talk
Googie Man, I got 2 simple words for you, Shut Up.   Let's see a guy who spends his time sitting at the computer editing wikipedia named Googie man, what can I say? You think bigger than me, you think you better than me?  You aint nothing.  Stop calling me a Rogue editer, that is  the corniest thing that I ever heard.   I know you are mad at me because I made fun of and replaced you horrible, terrible, ugly picture of Donnie Baseball, but calling me a rogue is the biggest outrage that I have ever seen.  Please delete that picture before all of us go blind, I would rather have no picture on the page then to have the worst picture in the history of the world on the page.  Don't ever delete my comments on any talk page ever again, I have the right to express my opinions. I am a villian but you just a hostage.  You can't stop the Reign of the King of Wikipedia.  Now go take some more pictures or something and stay outta my way. I'm out.
Sorry that you are sick. How much longer before you f'ing perish?24.23.83.159
obviously i have clicked the link. but you're being dumb. that is one instance out of about 30 that have happened this morning and i was merely replacing what someone else had written there in the effort that someone like a moderator would notice. now clearly one has, so instead of focussing on the one tiny issue at hand here, why don't you come out from under your rock and take a look at the big picture
"
Pro Moldovan?? What in hell!!! do I have to do with those communists??? I doubt that you didn`t already knew, but the current Moldovan communist regime, doesn`t even recognise veterans of the Trns war, and says that they were ""victims of Romanian fascist propaganda""... No big difference between Smirnov and Voronin. Both alogene colonists, both use polical ideology for personal benefits, both primitive, etc  "
If you have no interest in the whole story then get the f out of here.
Excuse me OMNI person... are you sure you have taken in this situation? have you seen SEX WITH COUSINS on the page? is there a source? looks phoney...?!!!! nothing on GOOGLE!!?? HELLO MCFLY!!
haha.. ok... maybe you guys are all in on it..
With  is pointless talking,in my books just another uneducated vandal who cries for help and complains to other admin or editors to achieve his nationalistic goals! I talked to u in here, because I have nothing to hide, you have turn the Albanian page in a nationalistic war propaganda,I asked,what do u want?, you want the land back?? Come and get it than! its north-weast,I am sure the Albanians will be prepared to wait for you as a liberator,king ..:)))) 
talk, and other names that this kid uses are socket puppet,is the same person only a blind editor or admin can't see that.He just said that I saw his website and call him NAZI when I never did that but used the word Nazi to another user who had a racial prowhite Greek website.{which was funny too though cuz Albanians are white too}..
My advise to you ,go get a real job or maybe get a degree use this time in a productive way.

p.s.read books not intertnet BS, chack this,ARVANITASIT and the Greek origin of ARISTIDH P. KOLA, and to the Albanians too,plz read this book!!!!

GREKU PARA SE TE BEHEJ GREK,ISHTE SHQIPETAR, dmth PELLAZG...GREK DO TE THOTE SHQIPETAR I CIVILIZUAR. MARKO N. BOCARI, XHAVELA and SHEHU!!!!!
"

 Swami Nithyananda 

Man, I should have seen your face when you saw that your proposal to oppose the move of Nithyananda was sarcastically denied by the Admin...LOL

Dude you are pathetic.I think you and ringess like playing the role of devil's advocate.But your are no Pacino or even Reeves.I bet you dont even have a gf now.Must be a loner.

And btw I am not vandalising your page. )

Just expressing my thoughts about you.

(YOUR PROPOSAL TO OPPOSE THE MOVE IS DENIED)
This is the first step dude...You will face lot more..

And btw I was rolling on the floor laughing when I saw your post requesting the admin ""Please revert the move.Consensus has not been taken""....and when you see it did not work you said ""Can I report your to somewhere for appeal..""...

Man yuo are pathetic...:)"
"

 stop stupid acusations 
I find it unacceptable to delete peoples contribution without any comments. I have now been repeated acused of writing a long rant while all my modifications thereof have been reverted. 

There is no OFFICIAL evidence incriminating Osama as the eavil doer. 
This reenforces why all acusations of muslim terrorist attack should have proper quotation.
If you lack such sources (which I claim you do) we do not need your opinion to provide the rest of reality.

Your lies as ""the truth"" here in wikipedia
The suggestion there would be sufficient proof or even mainsteam consensus about the event is a clear lie. I personally find it unimaginable that wikipedia has a page where Muslim Extremists are claimed to be the cause leaving no room for any sensible explaination.

no referrences to  Obstruction of justice huh? 
The article should clearly mention the great effort the Bush administration made of hiding all the evidence. This was the main embodyment of the attack. Obstruction of justice of this scale is a far bigger crime as murder.

FOLLOW THE MONEY!
The page should mention Lary Silverstein owned the building for a day and a half and maxed out the insurance for multiple terrorist attacks. Thus he cashed in multiple times.

the muslim extreamist terrorists label kit
A discussion about using the word Terrorist seems to provide an interesting vessle to obstruct the discussion. It has repeatedly been made clear the word terrorist attack can be used to explain the event but there is no ground to keep calling those who staged the event muslim extreamist terrorists."
There IS a need to write the pole position and fastest lap. Look at F1 and BTCC. This page looks inferioir to that and so you change the bloody consensus. And I dare you to block me if you dont agree like fools.
"

It is very funny to learnthat a stupid fuck'in   is trying to clean up the Kamboja articles. This person himself is totally disoriented and utterly confused, mentally/intellectually; and it is also very clear from his comment somewhere else about Kamboj-related articles that he does not even know the very basics of the Kamboj history. It is really funny to know how this idiot (and his ilk) are confusing the Indian journal ""Gazetteer of the Bombay Presidency"" with  the Handbook of the Bombay Presidency? How come these idiots, who can not even correctly interpret or understand the historical references/citations, be entrusted with the task to edit serious articles on ancient people like the Kambojas? It is  also amusing to learn that such-like dorks are trying to define the historical out-lines of the Kamboj history on Wikipedia! It is highly desirable that these fuck'in self-styled Wikipedia administrators/commentators first need to learn  to correctly interpret and interpret the historical references. Only then may they be qualified to comment on the serious topic like Kamboj history or else earn the rights to edit informative articles on this wlllknown ancient historical People. Also these jerks first need to understand that the citations and quotations used in the Kamboj related articles are from the most scholarly writers on this subject. It is shameful that these FEW F*- SELF-STYLED IDIOT ADMINSTIRATORS (LIKE DABU(DAB),ITSMJUDITH and the like) are trying to sit on judgement on the Kamboj history on Wikipedia and are bent on distorting or deleting the genuine information about them which is not found in the books writtemn in English, Fench or German by their European writers! Well, if you can interpret even the references quoted in an article, howcome can you sit in judgement and offer your scholarly comments on the Kamboj history? It is first necessary that these adminitrators/editors like Fuck'n Dabbu and his ilk, first need to familiarise  themselves about the current available historical information on Kamboj history-only then can they qualify themselves to edit the serious articles on the Kambojkas?'.And, I'll see how long these ignorant, prejudiced-minded idiots can continue to block me from editing articles on  Wikipedia?????''.

  "
which is latin or greek or some shit for who will gaurd the guards or in this case who will block the blockers.
as hole

Take a seay from an ex anon member fuc off
There are many types of people on Wikipedia:

The Vandals - people who wreck articles as a joke or something along the lines of humour.
The Assholes - people who remove your recent edits even if you were right for stupid reasons.
The Editors - people who edit and expand Wikipedia.
The Human Bots - not sure how but they always seem to revert vandalism 2 seconds after it is posted, but are still human.
The Micro-managers - people who read through an entire article looking for any spelling mistakes.
The Cool Guys - people who cite your material if it has no source and try to prevent your edits from getting removed.
{rm offensive jibber jabber}
Fu Zaphod Beeblebrox. take ur towel and leave!
situation better than a vandal like you, I'll revert and ask for this page to be protected from vandals like you
you want to know why it will kill manga well il tell you yours will be like a poison that will affect evreything in the world if you write your manga the stock market will crash the world will flood pepole will commit crimes arrmageddon will be rain down on us
You're a real glutton for punishment. ;-)  Fatuorum
Someone is threatning an annon and that is uncivilised wiki conduct.
That last link you gave me does not make sense. Oh, I checked out pages you have created. There are barely any citations on them, but no one has said anything...CORRUPT!!!
Just saying that it could be considered canvassing, not that it was canvassing. I did the same thing, without asking the editor to vote for my side, and it was said that I was canvassing. Then again, I have been called a troll, a human rights violator, a censorship supporter, (and recently) that I like to lick the the asses of other DYK contributors to get their approval, etc. /
I HATE PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY DELETE ME ON FACEBOOK!!!
"

 FCW 

Check the list at WP:PW/MOS. The reliable sources are there as are the sources to avoid. !! a Punk !! "
ok stop being lame. seriously. go watch pokemon.
"yep. time i wasted because it wasn't up to your ""guide lines"" ..just because he doesn't have a major belt from a major federation? It's funny because the actual has a wiki-page. Some wrestlers that work for the company have a wiki page. and because I even created the page, Look under one of the belts for the title history. Oh ""Ryu Lee"" was there. He technically is a professional wrestler, so you shut that mouth and if he gets into WWE & TNA you'll be crawling back to me. and I don't care why the article was deleted. Because some fool who has too much time on their hands doesn't think its required to be in there. so, again shut that mouth. Wikipedia sucks.

"
Be prepared for HORRIBLE HORRIBLE THINGS!!!
"* Ya know, ... my thoughts are this.  Back when I was young, it was all so defined.  Yes-no, right-wrong, black-white.  But it seems to me that over the years that's simply way too constraining.  Truth be told, it's a matter of percentages.  Me?  I'm 99% white.  99% male.  and likely 99.999% asshole.  My views of Obama have absolutely nothing to do with the percentage of skin tone.  I'll take Allen West or Ben Carson over Pelosi, Biden, Clinton, or Wolf any day of the week.  I think racial tensions have declined drastically over the last 6 years.  Police shooting?  Obama?  Wright? ... doesn't matter, it's as bad now as it was when I was growing up in the 50s.  If you say ""you"" in any form, be it right wing or left wing .. it's profiling, and that's disgusting to me.   I love my country, but in a lot of ways ""America"" is so juvenile in its understanding of humanity.  Having ""big balls"" doesn't make a point of view right. —    ?  

"
In between the rapes, torture and murder I do think democracy is being shown to them by the few Marines who can keep the dicks in their pants.
>That is what I have asked the dude to do - take out the cities, but he INSISTS upon keeping Boston(as the center of the world.  Clearly biased) in no matter what.  These bastrards on Wikipedia do not know how to compromise or neogotiate.  All they know is how they see things or how they want others to see things.
WHY WAS I BANNED I JUST TRIED TO EDIT A PAGE I NEVER HAVE EDITED BEFORE WTF
(UTC)
So, official wikipedia's doxa is that RS'homosexuality is a calomny ???   15:02, 15 May 2014
Respect is earned by respect 

That user IS a troll and a stalker. They are not respected and are close to being banned. Did you bother to read the inflammatory garbage that they write on wikipedia? Or are you just part of a troll posse?
(This fatass Jessey has an awful lot of resentment boiling inside of him.  This person is not stable and it's fanatical leftist. It should not be allowed to edit political articles on Wikipedia.
Yeah, fair enough. He's an utter prick though - looking at his history and how he operates - nasty.62.177.225.138
"

Brickmack is the BIGGEST RETARD EVER on Wikipedia! That sh**brained polsemoker doesn't realize that the Season 9 SpongeBob episodes listed are REAL! The season aired on 8 July 2003 with ""Butt Dance"" and will end on 2 January 2015 with ""The Biggest SpongeBob Movie in the Whole Entire Universe!"". From what I can tell, the movie will be at least 12 hours long. We'll have to wait and see. But did you even give the source link a DAMNED chance!?!? 71.64.6.46  "
"
IMO, it's completely irrelevant. A horrible film can be successful and a great film can be a commercial flop. ""Worst"" refers to whether the film is so bad that someone (a reliable source) states there are no other films that are less good. It has nothing to do with whether or not it was well marketed. -   "
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1lol imma donkey
LUNCHABLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"

 Lazy 

I saw that removal of award list but was very lazy to search and add all references. Welcome to the lazy-editor's club. §§§§ {T/C} "
"DUDE, i am 53, and possess degrees in philosophy, science and theologyfrom Notre Dame, not from a vo-tech where you likely went after finally getting your GED.

You offer rejoinders to my points without ever having addressed them.  Clearly you are unfamiliar with Pope John XXIII, the pontiff who facilitated Vatican II in the early 1960's, and who intentionally refused to refer to the Catholic Church as the ""Roman"" Catholic Church.  It is equally patently obvious you know nothing about Father McBrien or Charles Whitehead.  Are you incapable of reading above a fifth-grade level, or do you just lack the capacity for intelligent thought?  What's most remarkable is that rather than take solace in your own self-assured beliefs, you repeatedly return to this forum in a juvenile effort to have the last word.  i have one last word for you:  chill.  Again, grow up and grow deep.  We in the Catholic Church forgive you for your obstinance and your ignorance.

"
Typical Arab imperialist. Aren't you tired of making up lies?
Please don't be an assclown. You've already filed a checkuser, read the result and thanked the admin that ran the check. For you to insinuate that two separate authors are one AFTER BEING TOLD that you are wrong - is the absolute height of lacking good faith. I am also shocked to see you complain about the other editor after you have so brazenly stalked and revderted my edits in the past, indeed you even followed me here to harass me in Fitna months ago after I made an edit in Scarlet Pimpernel that you disliked.  You are a real piece of work. And yes, since you seem to always run a checkuser against me and whatever editor opposes you here and they always come back negative yet you still make the same baseless charge and attack you are operating without Good Faith and have a private agenda, one that is not in keeping with the selfless NPOV standards of Wikipedia. You need to go to a quiet place and think about how others view your bullying selfish petty distortions. 75.49.223.52
Tiderolls can you not take a joke, wiley old and sold out grime so i was taking the mick out of him. And in regard with Skeptas quote I am seriously sure he did say 'gay' not 'guys',
Mistakes

Since you idiots won't let me edit this page, I'm just pointing out some mistakes. There have been 105 1/2 episodes to air, not 104 1/2. Also, you have the episodes Help Wanted/Reef Blower/Tea At The Treedome to have first aired May 1, 1999 and then as a normal episode on July 17, 1999. They didn't air as an actual episode until July 24, 1999. Change it. Now.
I notice that you added Cheri DiNovo's name to the list short story contributors at the New Yorker Magazine article. Would you care to mention a single short story she contributed to that magazine? What issue(s)? You can't because you are lying. You gay NDP supporters have real problems with the concept of truth
YOU DELETED My WORK

You deleted my work on the foreskin article
"
 This Treavor guy is totally unprofessional.  I am contributing legitimate stuff to this wiki and he is engaging in racist/sexist discrimination by ""blocking"" edits.  Totally lame!"
The Hitler Youth ==

Hey, KID, you are the real vandal!

==
"
Look, the Anglophobic vigilante has come bearing ill news and ""ill news is an ill guest"".  Watch out, Tyke, he considers himself to have inviolate powers of edit warring upon your contributions, now that he sees some other people have an unrelated dispute with you.  All the more ""justification"" for him to run roughshod over you to get what he wants.  It's been done before.  Just check at my own edits for proof.    "
Stalking? Harassment? What do you call it when Chzz deletes my contributions to the Softimage|3D page out of spite? Hypocrisy and favoritism seem to run rampant on this website.
Seriously 

Stop being a wannabe moderator.
Bin Laden and his 19 so-called hijackers were patsies.
Your content is jerky.  Please stop or I will be forced to do something I don't want to do.  99.164.68.102
"

 Streptococcus mutans 
"
"

  

Your request to be unblocked has been granted for the following reason(s):
Wikipedia indeed is the tool for scraping the shit pipe

Request handled by: 79.75.110.236  "
You're not an a illeterate.  You're an illiterate.
HAHA Tufts and BU are Ivy League? 

Since when did Tufts and BU enter the Ivy League? Yet another example of how unreliable wikipedia is. Pathetic.65.247.226.99
I am not taking orders from a Turkish muslim extremist I am afraid. Get me a Westerner that grew up in a democratic state and then we can talk. Otherwise keep the thrid world articles on Cyprus and become a Turhish oriented encyclopedia. No more contributions from myself. OVER
Media Prostitute is dead. 

this little man, who indiscriminately wiggled his tale in front of those in power, while denigrating his self-credence by repeatedly defending propaganda views with an... authoritative voice of a mere media whore he was, is finally dead. amen.
Have theguts 

Have the guts and improve the English of this article, instead of marking it for deletion.
Be a mature one. Have the guts now. Otherwise,  quit off from this article.
why are you a malaka? 

Why are you a malaka?
", 21 June 2013 (UTC)
Okay ima gey, god hate me brah  TRPoD aka The Red Pen of Doom 22:26"
oops, I saw blocking warning on your page as well.  

Come on discussions. People like Sitush are owing articles unnecessarily. And i have given explanation to each of my word.

For Sitush (with proofs and evidence)
Arrogant-believes, his arguments and references are best (look at his discussion on his talk page, where he writes people to fuck off), Illogical- he cant digest logical evidence- still trying to get the biology definition in Math book: Eg; has written about khatris origin from Dashrath Sharma on Rajputs book,  idiot- cant understand references and read them, racist (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racism) you come under this definition, look at his all articles, he only writes articles which classify people based on their features.

Each word is true and has a evidence for it. Read it by yourself before issuing warnings....
I WAS LEAVING YOU A MESSAGE MAGGOT, NOT VANDALISING
please dont waste your time on me ,  dont you have any serious job to rather than going after other editors 

go on a date, seems like you have  been not been with a woman since 10 years
I already asked. He pretty much told me to stick my head in a bucket of lava. )
"
I dont know how to message u without disrupting your page but im here to let u know that the page u mentioned is flawed. That leverne person is not a woman its a man. No matter what changes someone goes through they will be whatever gender they were created and no one is created transgender. So u keep on being ignorant but ""she"" is not a she and I will not address him as ""she"""
"
damn thats really annoying. Image doesn't display properly at that size. I see it was removed here, but i dont see consensus for it on the talk page of the template. Do u know if discussions were held elsewhere. Scot "
Hi deisenbe. My father is Ashkenazi and my mother is African American (and Jewish). —  Talk/Stalk
Could you leave my userpage please and stop this sockpuppet rubbish please?

Yay is it true you are making me and admin? that would be cool i want to be an admin someday so i can block all the vandals.
Once again.... I'm SO glad that Wikipedia is not biased or filled with retarded children.
Ding-dong the witch is dead 

Which old witch? The wicked witch 

Ding-dong the wicked witch is dead 

Wake up you sleepyhead 

Rub your eyes, get out of bed 

Wake up the wicked witch is dead 

She's gone where the goblins go 

Below - below - below 

Yo-ho, let's open up and sing and ring the bells out 

Ding Dong' the merry-oh, sing it high, sing it low 

Let them know the Wicked Witch is dead
Note: If you want me to offer you sexual services e-mail me and I will send you my account number into which you can deposit money in exchange for the aforementioned services. E-mail for updated tariffs.
"

Well, I was offline so I missed the fireworks...but your award is most appreciated. I can't see a lot of reason to stick around here much anymore....what's the point? I get death threats and trolling on my talkpage and get threatened with a block for telling them to fuck off in an edit summary? I have another guy call me blind, insane and or a troll and no one threatens him with a block...not even a civility warning is posted...nothing at all...this was just 12 hours ago. I have to endure all sorts of harassment, baiting, goading and character assassination and when I am not perfectly civil in the a face of this neverending barrage of hate...I get some admin threatening me with a ""final warning"" and then a gives me a 72 HOUR BLOCK! "
"
 If I was rude https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bYAQ-ZZtEU#t=120 The people from outside start mock you for this strange rule ""reliable sources"". Do you see some other source even NOW, except me, to talk about SUICIDE with DATA?! Show me it.   "
"Obama is NOT ""African American"" you jackasses. He is ""Afro-European American"".  Stop reporting lies and having fake debates like the scumbags in the mainstream media.

"
Rangeblocks! Are you nuts? Since you know it's dynamic you still want to inconvenience other people? I would rather receive these messages from time to time than be blocked from editing. -220.255.7.225
WHY DID THEY DELETED IT BECAUSE I MADE IT THAT'S NOT FAIR THAT'S LIKE BEING A RACISE.
Hey, you reverted something I didn't do 

 Failure on your part, enjoy your life )
He is too, as well as being very sexy and attractive. He has a body to die for and a voice that just makes you melt. He is, in just two words, utter perfection. 212.183.134.210
very short and very clear 

slaves - to gas chambers.
Very well

I read my blocked message. I am personally disgusted by the systematic reversals over my edits by the user I have come to find difficult. He may be very educated in the Wikipedia world but not in the locality I have worked on. Simple time will tell. I will leave alone now because I have to admit I am made not welcome by this editor so what is the point. As anyone who defends Jza will say dont let the bastards get to you. So I won't rise to it have it your own way.
Trash 

I has Vista, and IMO Vista operating system should be the trash. Alden(Sharon boyfriend) or talk
The purpose of categories is to group things of the same type together. Real things with real things. Fictional things with fictional things. Mixing real things and fictional things is a misuse of categories. A real book is not and can never be a fictional library or a fictional librarian. 
 The category about cities in England is irrelevant, beyond the fact that things that are not cities in England shouldn't be categorized as cities in England. 
 It's not at all difficult to maintain a category for fictional things. Just don't add real things to it and if real things are added to it, remove them. 
 But what the fuck ever. Tyranny of the minority is the rule of law on Wikipedia and ultimately you're going to re-add these categories regardless of how wrong and illogical it is. So have at it. Categorize real books as fictional libraries. Knock yourself out.
HOW DARE YOU ACCUSE ME OF PERSONAL ATTACKS!!!!!!!   YOU ARE THE ONE MAKING PERSONAL ATTACKS.   YOU HAVE YET TO MAKE ANY CONSTRUCTIVE SUGGESTION; RATHER, YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING MORE THAN ATTACK ME AND THEN TRY TO MASK YOUR OWN INADEQUATE COMMUNICATION SKILLS BY ATTEMPTING TO SHIFT BLAME.  UNACCEPTABLE.
"

His son, already mentioned on Rodgers' page, has gone on trial charged with serious criminal charges: how exactly is writing one referenced sentence on that giving ""undue"" weight to the story? You're being entirely ridiculous and probably biased (do you support LFC?): it's an important story, which has gained significant media attention. Rodgers has also attended the trial. I'm going to continue adding this. And I don't care if you abuse your discretionary powers to try and have me banned: I know that I am right and that your bias is clouding your judgement. Shame on you."
My mistake 

Sorry I reverted you without looking deeper, but after reading this spectacular edit I just assumed  1) you were an obnoxious jackass and 2) were going around inserting nonsense. I guess I wasn't totally correct about #2. Duk
Barack is the WORST PRESIDENT EVER 

Places like WIKIPEDIA and other left wing nutjobs PROMOTE STALIN-LIKE CENSORSHIP...WHY TAKE DOWN THIS POST??? WIKIPEDIA IS NOW KNOWN AS A PLACE THAT CENSORS< AND WILL LOSE USERS>>>>THERE IS AN ONLINE PROTEST GOING AROUND>>>>

BARACK IS A COMMUNITY ORGANIZER WHO NEVER HAD ANY ANY!!! CEO EXPERIENCE!!! AND HE LAUGHS AT THE WHITE HOUSE< GETS LOST THERE<
PLAYS AROUND WHILE DC BURNS>>>>>4 MORE YEARS OF THIS????  PALIN IN 2012!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"

 US cables leak 

I reverted some edits by you. The motivation for one of them was ""rm bul"". Now it may well be that certain texts are bullshit in your eyes, but the quoted text is actually in the released cables. You also ask for a better source, but the ""facts"" of this page are not statements about the world, but statements about the contents of these cables. Thus, a better source than these cables does not exist. You can read the cables yourself, if you are not a US citizen.213.84.53.62  "
Is that all you can say? LoL, you're lame, boo. (
Looks like advertising 

This article seems to be looking like an advertising text. I would be not surprised to know that the text was copied from one of the AUCA advertising brochures. Okay, let us keep the text, but should we keep the phone numbers and all this address crap?
Heaven or Hell?

What happen to Norman? Doctor Octopus died a hero, and most likely went to Heaven, Harry will die a hero. What about Norman, he seems to be good and ma-nip-ple-late-it but the Performince Enhacers, but he was a bad when asking Peter for forgiveness. In the beginning, he's a simple scienctist was an experement that went wrong, but Harry sees he's father's ghost telling him to kill Peter. Did Normal most likely went to Heaven or Hell?
"
 You reverted my at other pages where Dan pinged you; it will not be difficult to show that you meatpippett for him at numerous pages. Stop being a bully.  (talk|contribs)  "
Hello? stop avoiding my question and i wil keep doing this untill u give me a straight forward answer 
also, you should be stripped form ur adminship due to the fact that from what i am seeing, you have been very corrupt. However, that is just a personal opinion. Basically what i am asking for is for you to answer my question yet you keep dodging it as if you are hiding something or you don't really care for wikipedia any more
"'""→units &/or links"" 10:20, September 30, 2006 Bobblewik
I like to ensure that the reader sees a space. In the past, I tried to go a step further and add nbsp but I ended up making too many mistakes and it is much more complicated and slow. So now I just concentrate on the main task of correcting the absence of a visible space. If you would like to convert the visible space from one type to another, I would be happy to assist you. I have helped other editors in that. I would also be happy to discuss formats in general in your project page if you want to copy this discussion there. Regards  

""→units &/or links - WTF?"" 20:20, October 1, 2006 DeLarge
Sorry, what? You'd rather do a half-assed job because it's quicker and easier than doing it properly, but if I want to spend my time trawling around after you tidying up your goofs you'd be happy to assist? How noble of you. Do you realise what a selfish ass you just sounded like?  '

""→units &/or links - rude comment deleted"" 20:20, October 1, 2006 Bobblewik

Remaining conversation continued here...

Hi,

I deleted your recent comment on my talk page because I considered it to be rude. The loss of a chance to debate the technical issues you raised was a shame. I think we are both trying to improve matters of style. Furthermore, we appear to agree on many of those matters.

I am copying your comments to wp:mosnum so that the substantive issues that you raised can be debated more widely. That seems to be me to be a good place. See you there.  

How ironic. I considered it rude of you to dismiss a constructive suggestion on the basis that doing things the right way was too difficult and slow for you. Like I said, you'd rather do a half-assed job because it's quicker and easier than doing it properly. In future, expect your edits to be rolled back summarily - your dismissive attitude deserves to be reciprocated.  "
"
You shoot your entire imbecilic argument in the head with the silly claim about ""10 cars go past per day, tops"".   I've driven the Stuart Highway several times and never passed less than 10 cars per hour,  in quiet times.  Thats less than freeways overseas but still a lot more traffic than ""10 cars per day"".  
"
I HATE YOU , Firstly, Do you know that I do not have all information around, therefore people such as you man add onto the information given.
raise it as their own.
 Your mother is so fat, she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand.
 Your mother is so fat, when she sings - it's over!
My advice to you is stop following me and go and edit your own articles or at least tell me which citations to improve etc instead of just sitting there and running your mouth all over the keyboard doing absolutely nothing besides trying to debase others.Just take a look at your discussion page User_talk:Sikh-history 90% of the people there are screaming at you! I don't think its me who has the problem here its you! I am trying so hard to find citations its very very hard to get them !! why don't you try!
OK
OK IT WAS A Joke. I have seen too many people bitching because the canon is female so i wanted to pull a prank
"
Well, it's nice to see that you have gone some way in whispering an acknowledgement on your own talkpage about your massive fuck up and abuse. The idea that you're a victim for edit warring against consensus and then blocking based on your misunderstanding of an unrelated edit in a situation in which you were deeply involved is a bit of a stretch don't you think? Maybe try a cold compress. Now if you'll restore my edit by self-reverting we can get on with editing. I certainly hope you've learned something from you highly abusive and disgusting behavior and that it won't be repeated any time soon. You also might consider dropping you frivolous invocation of ""BLP violation"" for well sources content expressing the subject's own views.   "
"

WEEEAHHHH ZOE SO YOU ARE HERE BOB SANTANOS IS A FREAKY MAN!!!

VANDAL ALERT!!!!  VANDAL ALERT!!!!  HAHAHAHEEEAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"
you 
don't stalk me god damnt
if you stop behaving like a control freak, and then nobody will call you out on it 76.243.106.37
lol! what a show of force. its YOU who is trying to WP:OWN wikipedia. supporting blatant lies and hypocrisy. dont you have any courage to face my proven and true edits than to block me?you cowards have not even proven 1 of my edits wrong as you all are supporters of lies and fake articles.108.78.177.132
"==AWARD OF THE PURPLE HEAD TO FISHERQUEEN QNT==

We of Wikipedia suck up admin staff felt that for your courageous and forthright censorship of truthseekers was exemplary and deserved reconition on the time honoured traditions of facist dictators and mass murderers by giving you a badge award. This Badge you see above the ""Purple Head"" can be worn on the front of your forehead. Without your speedy and diligent banning of users like Truthseekers Wiki might gain some factual and unbiased information and this is something that we at Wiki are keen to avoid.  Users who can block and ban newcomers without question and then fend them off without providing good rerasons are exactly the calibre of sanshonest leaders we require and should you ever require any help with blocking hundreds of thousands of people - please feel free to call on any facist aligned admin at any time. 

"
List of political slurs 

I almost did that myself, but lacked cojones I guess. I wish there was a quick way to get a second admin opinion and just know that 2 pairs of eyes saw it and both said: speedy that sucker. Thanks
I'm not sure that he's even a homosexual. (talk)
"

 Moved in here from the article 

 

SUCH a list is ""nonsense"", in casteless world, the dirty Indian casteism is raising its ugly head in the form of ""list of iyers"". If you really want to put out such a list, then you should include the list of Iyers who abused Dalits for thousands of years as well!!! Comeon guys grow up! Originally posted in article 09:01 27 May 2007 by User:Manukarnika "
":: Saju's right. You accused Spine-Cleaver of being me? No no my friend, ask an Admin to use an IP Checker rather than out right banning him. You've made a big mistake. This is going down in the books. Fool....hahahha.

-Awliya  —Preceding unsigned comment added by 89.108.33.173   

"
Yeah, I said some pretty dumb stuff that I shouldn't have said. I know how a wiki works (Wikihow)- but does Wikipedia have any totally different policies? If so, can you please tell me the important ones?

Thanks again,
HEY GIRL ! YOU GOT NO MANNER !
This isn't really the place to ask for this, but I'll try not to be a cunt like some of the other people who answer. 1, because it's...I dunno. Some random Wikipedia reason that cannot be explained in laymen's terms. 2, mainly because Yuke's are lazy nuggets who don't even bother to check the roster for any updates since last year. Oh, and because they've been paid. You know how it is.
"

 WTF 

Holy cow, Leifern, this is way out of line. You challenged the wording of a sentence which was cited to a source which used the same wording. For your benefit, I added another footnote to the same reference, at exactly the spot where you had challenged it. And then I added, to the reference, the direct quote of the reference using the same wording. And then you remove it saying ""Reference does not document the assertion, so I'm taking it out as an example of well-poisoning""! What gives, Leifern!?  "
Hello 

I am out to get you and will you please leave me alone! i have an account on wikipedia and i think that you should shut yours down!!! All you want to do is get on peoples nerves!! if you think that fisher queen should be gone leave a message on user:jackwen. good day!!!!!!
So, in other words, you are professionally on the dole. You must live in your parents basement and leech off of them, like a 11-year old. Maybe if you had a bit of motivation, you could look for a real job, and not play your fantasy as a Wiki boy. I'm sure you couls start a career as a video game player.
"

 THIS IS F***ING SERIOUS! 

I NOTICED ""The Legend of Sleepy Hollow"" HAS THE SAME PREVIEWS ""Donald's Scary Tales"" HAS, WHERE THE COPYWRITE DATE ON THE LAST TAPE I MENTIONED SAID 1990, I'M STARTING TO SAY THAT ""The Legend of Sleepy Hollow"" WAS RELEASED IN 1990 BECAUSE EVERY TAPE WITH THE SAME PREVIEWS ALWAYS COMES OUT ON THE SAME DAY, AND YOU AWAYS SAY THAT! YOU ALSO SAID THAT TAPE WAS ORIGINALLY 1990, AND I'M TRYING TO TALK YOU BACK INTO IT BECAUSE I MADE A MISTAKE AND DECIDED THAT YOU WERE RIGHT! PLUS, THAT WOULD MEAN THE LASERDISC VERSION OF ""The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad"" WAS 1990! SAME THING GOES WITH THE 1990 VHS RELEASES OF ""Dumbo"", ""The Sword in the Stone"", and ""Alice in Wonderland"". THEY HAVE THE SAME OPENING THE 1990 VHS OF ""The Little Mermaid"" HAS, SO THEY ARE 1990 FOR THE SAME OPENING! ""Robin Hood"" WAS MAY 3, 1991 BECAUSE LIKE YOU SAID, TITLES ARE USUALLY RE-ISSUED TO PROMOTE THE NEWEST TITLES OF THE SERIES, SO ""Robin Hood"" WAS RE-ISSUED TO PROMOTE ""The Jungle Book""! ALSO, MY COUSINS' D*** COPY OF ""Pinocchio"" WAS PRINTED APRIL 28, 1987, SO IT DROPPED OUT APRIL 1987, NOT JANUARY! SAME WITH ""Robin Hood""! PLUS, OCTOBER 27 IS SUNDAY! NOTHING EVER HAPPENS ON SUNDAY! SO, THE 1985 VHS OF ""The Love Bug"" WAS OCTOBER 29 BECAUSE IT'S TUESDAY, AND I'M NOT GOING TO LEAVE UNTIL YOU ACCEPT THIS, YOU F***ING PUSSBAG!  "
how far is autofellatio closer to homosexuality than masturbation? 

metaphysical question
This article is horseshit. 

Why don't you just mention that every victory by Republicans has to be because Republicans are evil and therefor nobody would vote for them? This article is just more evidence of why nobody should take Wikipedia seriously when it comes to political issues. 71.232.157.145
"

 EU Plant 

You are clearly an EU plant. Oh no, copyright, the Times is gonna have your arse for that one you jobsworth. 

""Polly wanna cracker"", more like ""Polly wanna get a life""?

Wikipedia, taking life far too seriously.

  "
If only I could somehow get a new IP address. Sigh. I guess I'll just have to continue being blocked from your retarded encyclopedia.
Yeah, you're right as well. It's the best pain-in-the-ass thing for the music articles. Thanks for responding by the way.
"

Lets REVIEW.
Since this grotesque offense started I have probably been solely and directly responsible for 85% of the material attempted to be posted. That 85% very quickly got chopped down to 4 sentences by half a dozen censors.  I decide to WIKI whallow again when the story goes super mainstream with CNN and even includes a ""response"" from said obvious scumbags. NATURALLY it gets zapped again in seconds by a censor and NATURALLY its another (now 7 and counting) live wire that spends every waking hour removing and contributing nothing. 

I am stating as a fact that the entire WIKI premise has evolved into a joke and a 100% waste of time. WHY SHOULD I continue to fight the vast multitude badgehuters?
There ain't a single speck of ethics in ANY of the full time WIKI retards doing censorship as a career choice, probably because children aren't mature enough to learn what they are.

Now we have the single apparent speck of grey material in the form of ;wales telling me how vulgar and ban worthy I am for getting pissed off by the ultra sickening status quo.  From the heart SIR the singular badge I would like to receive from WIKI is the lifetime ban badge. That would be a worthy accomplishment from this fukkin disgrace."
Family Feud does tape at TVC now, and you appear to have a very uncivil mouth yourself. Who died and made you boss anyhow? 71.72.172.177
Hi 

Dear Sikh brothers,

I would request all you all to please help me in exposing Sikh Scholar, who actually is an RSS sponsered person pretending to be Sikh, please see below the kind of statements he makes to me

Wow wow so the truth is finaly out....you have spoken like a true Hindu RSS wala......is that the way a scholar speaks...wow...(my answere to him)

(Sikh Scholars comments to me)....... stupid dumb FU*K MY great great great great grandfather was Mani Singh the greatest of Sikh matrys. Its scum like you that needs to be executed. You deserve execution - you stupid dumb fu*k everyone in my family over 500 members are Baptized Khalsa SIKHS. We have been Khalsa Sikhs for over 300 years you dumb fu*ker. Because you have insulted me and broken the teachings of the Guru Granth Sahib you deserve death -you dumb fu*ker.Sikh scholar (talk) 

(my answere to him)...Now I will be after you to expose all your RSS gang pretending to be Sikhs and being some kind of expert in Sikh religion...it my promise to you Fake scholar...

 
He is being supported by few other RSS sponsered members in Wikipedia with regards to SINGH article here.
"
You didn't, you thought I was the disgusting one, but I will assume good faith and put it down to confusion.  Did you see the homophobic user box about marriage? talk "
"

TODAY our Kleargear types have finally gotten around to REMOVING the fraudulent endorsements on their scam website. Sadly the many Wiki censors won't get to look at obvious fraud, not that ever bothered to look at an active public fraud in the first place.

Ultra special kudos for wales for basically censoring every single fukkin breath moving forward. Thats gotta be Badgeworthy and you have my vote for the next un. Arsesome work. BIG BADGES all around says I, and NO I won't ""Donate"" a freakin bloody damn nickle for this enterprise. Pfffft. !!!!"
"

=The authority of the user Node_ue in the matter of languages

Mark Williamson also known as Node_ue is a kid of 16 years old. (Born at 1989-08-18, Scottsdale, Arizona, United States [] )

What is the authority and credibility of this kid in the matter of languages? He didn't finished his highschool yet. All other words are useless …

Who is Node? Who is Mark Williamson? Just look at the picture:

Poor little Node having problem with languages! Sic!

I think Mark Williamson known also as ""Node ue"" is having difficulties  with the words out of his mouth!

Nevertheless the authority of Node_ue is very good presented by himself in [] 

Just take a look the way the Kid Mark looks himself: (Warning! May be in various ways interpreted!) 

Mark is an all-powerful entity made of pure energy. If you know him, you will be blessed and your dreams will come true (or at least they might).

Strengths: All powerful, handsome, smart.

Weaknesses: NONE!!! THE GREAT MARK HAS NO WEAKNESSES! HE IS ALL-POWERFUL!

Special Skills: All-powerfulness, intelligence, &c.;

Weapons: All-powerfulness... sharp teeth... hrm...

All-powerfulness: YES! THE GREAT ENTITY KNOWN AS ""MARK"" IS ALL-POWERFUL!!! YES!

Link to: []

Of course his ass is so painful….Guess why?!

Node's origin as a faggot (gay)…

[] (where he admits he is a faggot)

""I've also noticed a few things that are possible hints at his thinking he's homosexual/bisexual but not wanting to admit it to himself:
He lies quite a bit to make himself look more ""masculine"" (apparently he's the most popular guy in school with the girls, and he has to run quickly if he wants to get away from them), he is always going on about how much more attractive he is than me (according to him, this is because both of his parents are of 100% Jewish ancestry, while I only have 3/8ths [3/4ths of the people on my mother's side]), he goes out of his way to make extremely offensive jokes about homo/bisexuality, he goes out of his way to make it look like he's a homophobe, and at the mention of anything even remotely related to homosexuality he has so much disgust for it that he must show that you could fill a whole encyclopedia with his ""ewws"" (not really meant seriously, according to him).""

He may be contacted very easy at: 

MSN: aaaboyz1@hotmail.com
Yahoo Messenger:  node_ue (Yahoo ID)
ICQ: 97325293
AOL: IchiUpsideDown
Email address: node.ue@gmail.com 

Everything said here was based on his own declarations and own statements. 

His authority and credibility is equal with 0.

Take this as a LAST warning and stop editing controversial edits on this page!
Take this as a LAST warning and stop editing controversial edits on this page!
Take this as a LAST warning and stop editing controversial edits on this page!

His truly friend, 
Love

THIS IS NOT A PERSONAL ATTACK BUT THE TRUTH SAID BY Node_ue!"
this is a pictures ure of me epicgenius.  i do this every day and night. 

Donkey he haw
I am the gayest person on Earth, from Boing! said Zebedee
Get a life Miss Ciara
Piss off. 67.190.81.211
Your team 

WTF is up with the Marlins? I don't like them, but anything is preferable to seeing the Mets run away with it. '''''' Talk
Why have you never blocked the racist vandalizing IPs?!?!?!?!?! Do I have the right to vandalize your talkpage and call you a Jew? Why do you give that right to IPs?!?!?!
"
Huh, actually according to WP:PORN this has been an issue before; an image was deleted back in '06 with the summary ""Image would trigger 2257 record keeping requirements"". While from the name of the image (creampiesex.jpg) it was obviously a form of ""explicit sexual material"", I wonder where the line is drawn when it comes to penis images... I suppose it's time to ask someone at the Foundation. —//2¢/Δ's/ 
Actually, upon further investigation of past 2257 discussions, it would seem that these images are probably not restricted. For example, the discussion here. An erection is probably OK, but ejaculation might not be. —//2¢/Δ's/ 

too many pics

one pic is enough to properly show this part of the male anatomy. I feel that this article is a bit excessive in displaying the penis. Also consider that too many pics might discourage readers from viewing this article.   

Exclusively human

Non-human penises received only a fleeting mention. There needs to be more about the function and physiology of penises in other animals. 129.173.162.58  "
'd hate to see this blow up into something bigger
rumor has the dicks explpoded
I should be unblocked cos Alex aka skater is actually gay as my mate olly bummed him last night!!!
and i will make as many sockpuppets as I like! 

get lost! you won't block me! if you do ill just make more sockpuppets!!! like this one, but worse!
I'm accused of sockpuppetry, but the author isn't. That makes no sense. You know, I've finally come to the realization that wiki is nothing but a bunch of american racists. I swear I will do everything in my power to disrupt your servers.
hey dumbshit, i drove on state road 54 today past the northern terminus of Gunn Hwy.  AND GUESS WHAT?  The road was still signed as SR 54, NOT Gunn Hwy.  Now, either give me an exact location that it's signed as Gunn Hwy or stop reverting back false information. 71.100.31.227
IT'S NO USE!!!! 
I DIDNT EVEN GET A CHANCE TO ADD LINKS AND STUFF BECAUSE YOU OR WHOEVER ELSE KEEP MESSING IT UP!! YOU GUYS ARE ANNOYING LET ME AT LEAST GET A CHANCE TO FINISH THE DAMN PAGE! IF THATS 2 HARD THEN DELETE IT, I JUST STARTED THIS PAGE AND YOU GUYS ARE READY TO DELETE IT, THERE'S NOTHING TO DELETE I DIDNT EVEN GET TO WRITE A SECTION FOR GOD'S SAKE!! BACK OFF OR DELETED EVEN THOUGH THERE NOTHING TO DELETE THANKS TO YOU AND WHOEVER ELSE!! 
- kai200995
Considering the vile and perverse anti-Egyptian racism spewed on this talk page on a regular basis, which is all over many Arab countries, especially the Gulf, it is relevant to examine it on an article about Arabs. And if the people here stop using this page as a garbage-disposal of their relentless anti-Egyptian bigotry, there wouldn't be a problem.
Of course you're retarded for putting up nonsense on wikipedia talk pages. Please refrain from doing thus in the future.
MY FARTS DONT SMELL

ou
STOP 

Stop sock puppetry
Wow! You are the best, mate! Thanks a ton!!
Oh excuse me, you can not be bothered to read spanish, well screw you.  Racism is NOT ok, unless you decide it is I suppose.  Wisconsin or not.
Sir, are you contending gay marriage is NOT a sin according to the bible? I will pray for you.
Wow you play video games and you're nerdy... great time waste...;)
" LIL Wayne plans on doing a remix to the track ""Mutha Fukin Nigga"" with hot new hip hop artist Tyler Robinson"
Do you want to play a game? If you follow the rules you won't DIE!!! ... you still might... depending on my mood and if there's any unattended knives around.

I'm feeling extra stabby today =)

Yours truly, 
The stabber (you are the stabee).
"Given how often the semi-nude famale body is shown in the UK tabloid press and tv, it is hard to believe that 'tits' is taken as very offensive over here. I believe that more offence is taken in the USA, as in the example of their changing 'titbit' to 'tidbit'. The word 'titbit' carries no offence whatesoever in the UK and 'Titbits' was the name of a general interest UK magazine for many years.

'Tits' is only a very mild and slightly comical expletive in UK use. The word 'piss' is more vulgar but can be found in the Bible. It might be heard in the matey environment of a pub, such as ""Joe has gone for a piss"". It has more vehemence in ""piss off"" but with less weight than the good old Anglo-Saxon ""fuck off"".

As regards what the public take as swear words, even 'get stuffed' might be classed as such, yet there is 'stuff' in everything.

"
"

 You are a Scary Creature 

  Real Scary Creature Honor to you because you deletes articles in a minute on which people spent a lot of time.    "